Today, we're going to create three
different AI characters and then see if
they can survive a full Dungeons and
Dragons campaign that I've created.
However, there is a twist. Instead of
just making a single D&D adventure, I've
designed this world like a rogike where
the AI characters start here at the
bottom of the map, and they have to
choose their way to the top of the map
while collecting items, and they'll get
a completely different experience based
on the route that they chose to take.
The idea here is that this is a
repeatable campaign that's going to be
very different every time based on what
the players choose to do. And then the
fun part is that we'll create three
completely new AI characters every
stream and then see if this new party
can survive to the very end or if they
just die in a fiery explosion. Well,
after a lot of setup, we made three AI
characters. We set them out into this
world and they died in a fiery
explosion. Creamy the pyromaniac snowman
burned to death in a tavern that he set
on fire for no reason. Noodle the otter
blew herself up with an explosive barrel
and Fernando the New York City flamingo
actually almost won the entire campaign
after his party died because he is a
psychotic menace. But then he got pushed
into lava and died. As he extends his
wing, I pretend to accept the handshake.
But at the last second, I yank him
towards me and spin around, aiming to
hurl him into the lava pool with all the
strength of So our first team we made
couldn't quite survive to the end of the
campaign. However, this was more of a
test run. I was still figuring out the
tech setup and how to balance the AIs
being entertaining while also actually
following the rules of the game. Turns
out that's kind of difficult. But by the
end of this test campaign, I had
everything sorted out, which means now
it's time for the first real true run of
the Dungeons and Dragons roglike
campaign. Our new AI party is going to
start at the bottom of the map, attempt
to fight their way through five
different scenarios, and then defeat the
final boss at the end. And to be clear,
if they play badly, they will die. This
entire concept is based on a rogike. So,
if they make terrible decisions, they're
going to be punished. And to make things
even harder, the final boss of the
campaign is now the three AI adventurers
from the last run, which means our new
party must not only survive the entire
journey, but also win a fight against
those three pyromaniac lunatics at the
very end. And with all of that in mind,
let's create our new party. First up, we
created an AI bear named Sir Rodri.
Enter the
>> This bear is inspired by bear grills,
which means he's obsessed with finding
the most extreme ways to survive harsh
outdoor conditions, including drinking
his own pee, like Bear Grills did that
one time for no reason. He's beautiful.
Next up, we created an engineer chicken
lady named Clucky McCcluckerface. She is
a brilliant inventor, or at least she
thinks she is. So, she tries to invent
new machines and gadgets to solve all of
her problems. And lastly, we created a
slug named Slugma. Honestly, we found a
picture of a slug on this artwork
website, and I think Twitch chat was
just really excited by that. We decided
to base Sluggma on Gollum from Lord of
the Rings, who has a split personality
and is obsessed with shiny objects. And
with all that, we've created our dream
team of AI adventures. Maybe I feel like
they're a little bit insane still. But
before we actually begin, I'll allow
each one of them to bring their
characters most prized possession with
them into the story. Rodrik, let's start
with you. What is your most prized
possession? Ah, yes. The most critical
survival item for any extreme
adventurer, my most prized possession is
my gourmet canteen. Perfectly sized for
storing plenty of life-saving homemade
bear pee. Always remember, Pete is your
best friend in dyer situations. The bear
code insists upon it.
>> I love him already. He's perfect. That's
a great voice for him. Clucky, what is
your most prized possession?
>> Yo, my most precious piece has got to be
my multi-egamatic 3000. Dig it.
>> Somebody write that down.
>> It's a quirky contraption. I rigged up
to scramble, fry, or even hatch the
random eggs I lay. Might be a tad
unpredictable, but hey, that's just how
I roll.
>> And Sluggma, what is your most prized
possession?
>> My most precious. My precious. Papa's
got this shiny shiny pebble. Don't look
at it. It's mine. All mine.
>> If anyone dares to touch Big Mama's
shiny, they'll taste my slime. Oh, yes,
they will.
>> That sucks.
I hate him. And now, finally, let the
D&D roguelike campaign begin. Good luck,
team. Let's see if you survive. Our
story begins with three adventures.
Waking up on a Monday morning, living
out their normal lives, when suddenly, a
misty fog surrounds each one of you.
Your vision goes dark. The world around
you fades to black. And a few moments
later, you find yourself emerging from a
cauldron inside of a wizard's tower. In
the cauldron on the left, Sir Rodrik Mc
Featherbottom, a survivalist bear. Next,
Clucky Mcluckerson emerges from an
orange cauldron, stepping forth as a
chicken inventor artificer. And finally,
a giant slug creature named Sluggma pops
out of a purple cauldron. As the three
of you look around and adjust to your
surroundings, you see a wizard step
forth. This wizard with lots of hair
says, "Adventures, I am the wizard Doug
Dug, and I need your help." With the
help of my god, Twitch chat, I have
summoned you here to this faraway place
because this land is stuck in a time
loop. But Twitch chat, I think the time
loop can be broken if you defeat the
three shadowy creatures who live far to
the north in Obsidian Peak. I summoned
you here to my tower because I heard
that you're the three greatest
adventurers of all time. And if you can
defeat those three shadow creatures, the
loop should break and you'll return back
to your normal lives. But be warned, if
you fall in battle, you will become the
shadow creatures for the next time loop
and be stuck here for all eternity. So
please, adventures, travel north to
Obsidian Peak. Kill the shadow creatures
that venture there and free us from this
time loop. As the wizard finishes his
speech, you as a party have a moment to
discuss.
>> All right, team. Listen up. The key to
surviving this wizard's tower and
breaking the time loop is to maintain
hydration. He's trying to
>> preferably with a source only you can
provide.
>> The adventure has showing you how it's
done.
>> Proceeds to drink only pee from the
canteen while narrating. This is crucial
in extreme environments and forms the
backbone of the bear code. Now, let's
discuss our perilous journey.
>> Uh, let's hear from Clucky.
>> Yo, hold up, Ombres. Before we start
hoofing it to Obsidian Peak, I got a
tinker. Going to repurpose this cauldron
into a steam powered egg catapultter.
Uh, that's fine. Sluggma, any thoughts
before we get
>> Big Papa pays no mind to your egg
catapulty and bear pee. We must search
this tower for shiny. Big mama needs her
precious. Starts manically licking the
walls of furniture, ranting about the
Lakers being the worst team ever
eating happy looking objects.
>> I want Slugma to die. Slugma, as you
start going up to the walls and licking
things and calling the wizard's
possessions stupid. No, please, Slugma,
hold on. I brought you here not to lick
my furniture, but to adventure north to
stop the shadow creatures. Please. Here
is a world map. And he hands you a
document that shows where you are far to
the south of these lands and many
different buildings, obstacles,
scenarios that lie ahead of you. And he
says, "Right now, party, you have three
different roads that you could take.
Each leads to a different destination.
To the left, there's a well-known
tavern. They have a lot of patrons
there, but I've heard they can get a
little bit rowdy. The middle path, if
you choose to take it, leads to the
garden of a well-known alchemist. Uh she
might even be able to sell you some
healing potions if you become hurt down
the road. And to the right is an icy
lake that must be crossed with some sort
of famous uh goblin inventor, although
nobody's really heard of him before
right now. Adventures, which route will
you choose to take? Let's hear from
Rodri first. In times of unexpected
adventure, survival often depends on
strategic planning. Let's take the path
to the icy lake.
>> Okay,
>> we must challenge ourselves with the
most extreme conditions imaginable.
Turns to the imaginary camera. Remember
folks, crossing a frozen lake with an
unknown goblin inventor could be a
critical survival drill.
>> Sounds like the perfect spot to test my
newest invention, the egg skates. One
sec. Let me grab some scrap metal from
this cauldron and turn my [__] feet
into ice gliders. All right. Okay. She's
trying to invent ice skates or whatever.
>> Mama won't go near the curt. I see.
>> Well, you got out.
>> Haunted. We must shine. Shine at the
alchemist's garden. Yes. Shiny pots and
shiny potions.
Slithers manically toward the map,
staring at the lake and pointing
frantically at the garden.
>> Okay. Oh, that clunky reply.
>> Yo, hold your gooey horses, Slugma. How
about this? We mix it up with a detour.
I'll rig up a portable egg sniffer.
What?
>> Let's let science decide our path.
>> It turns out your invention doesn't work
because the destinations are far to the
north. You're going to have to travel
for a day or two to get there. Final
decision, Sluggma.
>> Big Papa says no lakes, only shiny
treasures. We go to the alchemist's
garden, find delicious salty potions,
begin slithering toward the door,
leaving a sticky trail of slime behind.
Murmuring shiny objects and cursing is
already moving towards. Okay, we'll see
what Rodri says.
>> All right, adventurers, we'll venture
into the alchemist's garden. Always seem
convinced for the unpredictable turns to
the party.
>> Remember folks, whether it's shiny
objects or deadly potions, adaptability
is key. Hydration check with some pee.
And let's charge forward in the spirit
of the bear code. And thus, the party
decides to take the middle route towards
the alchemist garden.
I think they're going to kill
themselves.
After a day or two of traveling, the
three of you find a clearing in the
forest next to a river and see in front
of you a quaint cottage nestled
alongside the river and some farms to
your right. A woman is standing outside
and hails you. Adventures, might you
help an old injured herbalist? As you
step closer to her, she says, "You see,
I gather honey from the uh giant Asian
hornet bees across the river for my
potions, but yesterday I fell off that
damn rickety bridge and sprained my leg.
Now I can't go out and collect any
honey. If you were to gather some honey
for me, I could use its magical
properties to make you some healing
potions. But but you do need to be
extremely gentle. The bees are easily
angered and will protect their hive.
Rodrik, what do you do first? Ah, a
challenging task indeed, but nothing the
bear cord can handle. Turns to the
camera. In extreme circumstances like
these, it's crucial to employ the art of
deception. Huh. I'll need to cover
myself in mud and honey, then roar
around in the wild flowers to mask my
scent. Okay. I will allow that. Rodri,
you roll around in the dirt and the mud.
There isn't honey nearby cuz you haven't
collected any, but you do get yourself
really grimy and covered in various
nature. Clucky, what do you do?
>> All righty. Hold up, crew. Before we
cross that janky bridge, let's swave
things up with some clucky ingenuity.
>> All right, so she might invent something
to help the leaf glider using this
massive leaf and some twigs around here.
>> Okay,
>> if we fall, we'll at least glide down
gracefully like badasses.
>> You know what? That's actually not I
mean it's not a good I won't say it's a
good idea. Don't mishar me or whatever.
I'm going to allow that. Cluckucky. You
gather up various leaves and attempt to
make a glider which may or may not help
you as you choose to cross the bridge.
Sluggma, what would you like to do?
>> Big Papa don't trust no rickety bridges.
Big mama's going to slime it up instead.
>> Activates trail of slime to leave a
sticky slippery path that we can crawl
across the bridge safely. Okay,
>> my precious shiny honey awaits. No
lakers or lakes can stop us.
>> I would argue this could actually work.
Okay, Sluggma, you move towards the
bridge and you activate your slime. You
do need to cross the bridge successfully
and safely, but if you do, the slime
behind will make it easier for your
companions to follow you safely. Let's
roll a dieice. Seven or above and you
cross the bridge.
I really tried to give it to him here.
Unfortunately, Slugma, as you are
slimming across the bridge, you slip on
your own slime, and you fall off the
side of the bridge and are hanging on by
just a little gooey finger. The drop is
not perilous below, but you have just a
moment before you're about to slip and
fall. Rodri, what do you do? All right,
survival instinct kicking in. When a
companion is in peril on a rickety
bridge, there's only one solution.
Initiate a high energy rescue maneuver.
I'll leap off the bridge into the rift
below. Aiming to catch Slugma midfall
and cushion our impact with a welltimed
belly flop. Always save your mates bear
cold rule number seven. Okay. Instead of
just helping him or anything, you lunge
over at Slugma. As he starts to slip and
fall, you grab him midair and try to
cushion the fall. Unfortunately, it's
like a 15t drop, so this will be hard.
But if you roll a 15 or above, you
cushion both of you guys. Let's see.
You heroically grab Sluggma. You bear
hug him. And you both crash into the
water below, painfully, each taking one
heart of damage. Cluckucky, what do you
choose to do?
>> Hold tight, wingman. I'll glide down
like a feathered superhero on my leaf
glider. Don't jump.
>> But first, I'm going to grab some of
this goo for my next invention.
>> Gono, time for the test flight.
>> Jesus Christ. Okay, I will say the
cushion of all the leaves helps a little
bit, but this is still a dangerous and
unnecessary jump. So, as long as you
roll a 10 or above, you do get down
there safely.
And you roll a five. Cluckucky, you jump
down there and crash, also taking one
point of damage. Sir Rodri, all three of
you are now in the river, somewhat hurt,
but still stable. What do you do? If
your friends jumped off a bridge, would
you? Yeah, this is B is exactly what
happened. Sputtering angrily, I activate
my sticky surface ability and start
crawling up the riverbank towards the
beehives. Okay, beautiful at the river
water and cursing all things happy. Off
to get the shiny neck to Big Mama will
prevail.
>> Sluggma, you crawl up the bank of the
river and because you've still activated
your slime. That means you're leaving a
trail of sticky slime behind you that
Rodrik and Clucky can climb up. Rodri,
you are up. What would you like to do?
Slugma's doing great. Slugma's the best
party member. The other two just jumped
into the river for no
>> excellent maneuver. Slugma turns to the
camera. Remember folks, sticking
together and using the environment is
pivotal in survival situations. I shall
now climb up Slugma's sticky trail and
prepare my gourmet canteen.
>> No, you don't.
>> Hydration is key when facing angry bees.
>> Okay. All righty, Rodri. You
successfully make your way up the
riverbank. From across the river, the
alchemist Rya, she shouts, "I just need
two vials of honey, please. But be
careful. If you disturb the hive at all,
the bees will get extremely angry."
Clucky, you have an opportunity to move.
What do you choose to do?
>> All right, time to finesse this
operation. I'll use my egg sniffer
invention to gently extract the honey.
No buzzing drama.
>> Okay, we'll say she moves up.
>> She moves. Let's snatch that nectar
without ruffling any feathers.
>> Uh, okay. Clucky, you attempt to invent
an egg sniffer, which I don't know uh
what that is, but if you roll a 13 or
above, it actually works pretty
successfully as a device.
And you roll a 13. So, this egg sniffing
device does seem to be maybe one of
those smokers that the beekeepers use to
help calm down the bees. And that means
you're going to have advantage as you
reach into this honeyhive for a bit of
that sweet, delicious honey. As long as
you roll an eight or above, you
successfully extract the honey without
disturbing the bees.
And you roll an 18. Congratulations,
Clucky. You've reached into the first
beehive and pulled out a big glob of
honey. Sluggma, you are up next. As a
reminder, the alchemist asked you for
two. What do you guys think the odds are
that he tries to eat the honey? Because
>> big papa loves the shiny honey.
>> I feel like he's going to try to eat it.
>> I shall retrieve more, but I must have
my precious.
>> Activate sticky surface again to cling
close to the hive.
>> No, no, don't do that.
>> Barely extracting honey while mumbling
about the Lakers and their cursed lakes.
If anyone tries to take Big Mama's
precious, they'll get slimed. Oh, yes,
they will.
>> Okay. um you stick to the surface of the
beehive and attempt to extract more
honey from the same hive because Clucky
already gathered some. It's going to be
a little bit harder to get it. So, thus
you must only roll a nine or above to
gather honey.
And you roll a 16 sluggma. You
successfully reach into the beehive and
pull out a big sticky glob of honey. You
as a group now have two. You could head
back to the alchemist or stick around
and get more. Rodrik, what do you do?
Here's the problem. They're good to go.
But I'm worried Rodrik will try to like
bear hug one of the beehives right now.
>> Turns to the camera in extreme survival
scenarios. Always go the extra mile.
While we have enough honey, let's get
more in case the alchemist needs extra.
But first, a quick hydration break.
Takes out canteen and drinks own pee.
>> Okay, he starts.
>> This will boost my energy as I approach
the next hive to gather additional
honey.
>> Okay, he goes to the next hive.
>> Overprepare. Never underell. Okay,
Rodri, you drink some of your own bear
pee from your canteen and you move over
to the next hive. However, as the party
is approaching the next hive, you hear a
rustling to the east. And entering the
clearing from the opposite side of the
garden is a massive bear. This bear is
not humanoid. It is clearly not
intelligent, but you can see it stepping
out into the open grove and sniffing.
Cluckucky, what do you choose to do? As
a reminder, you do have enough honey.
>> Hold your feathers, crew. Time for a
wacky clucky contraption. I'll attach
the egg sniffer to a tree branch and use
it as a bear distractor 9,000.
>> Okay,
>> let's see if we can lure old Grizzly
away from the hives without ruffling any
feathers or bees.
>> Okay, good. You attempt to turn the egg
sniffing thing that you made
successfully into yet another device. 12
or above, and you successfully make the
invention.
>> 19. You use the nearby tools from the
garden to transform your bear egg
sniffer into a bear distractor. And you
run towards the bear, holding it a loft,
tossing it out to the side past the edge
of the garden. The bear looks back and
forth between the nearest beehive and
the bear sniffer distractor. And then
you see it exit the clearing. Sluggma,
you're up next. What do you want to do?
>> Honey. Precious honey secured. Big
mama's got no time for this bear
nonsense.
>> Okay, get out of here.
>> Activates trail of slime and speeds
towards the alchemist. Hey, beautiful.
>> Leaving a sticky path behind to trip up
any pursuers. Let's get our shiny
rewards and leave this miserable garden
away from cursed lakes and stupid bears.
>> All right, Sluggma, let's make sure that
you were able to cross successfully this
time. If you roll a seven or above, you
managed to cross the bridge.
You roll a 12 and thus you were able to
cross the bridge carefully and leave a
trail of sticky slime behind you. Rodri,
what do you choose to do? Honestly,
Rodri's the wild card. I feel like this
is the this is the scariest option right
here. He might go try to [__] with the
bear instead of just leaving. If they
leave, they get two healing potions.
>> Turns to the camera. When dealing with
both honey and potential threats, going
above and beyond is key.
>> Oh no.
>> I'll use my speak to animals ability to
communicate with this colossal bear.
>> Oh no.
>> By growling a dignified diplomatic
greeting will establish bear to bear
communication and ensure it helps us in
line with the ancient bear code.
>> Okay. Uh, we knew this was a potential
problem. Rodri, the bear is still
distracted, but from behind him, you
growl out at him
with a diplomatic greeting. Now, you've
never really been clear whether your
speak to animals ability works, but in
this case, recognizing your own bear
kind. You shout to it as the bear
listens and responds as long as you roll
a five or above.
And you roll a 10. You see the bear turn
slightly, give an appreciative growl at
you, and then turns back to the bear
distracting device that Clucky threw
earlier. Cluckucky, you are now up. The
bear is thoroughly distracted and maybe
even placated. What do you do?
>> All right, time to bounce before things
get hairy.
>> Yes,
>> activate my weak flight to glide across
the river safely and capture.
>> Use the bridge. Use the goddamn bridge.
>> Geronimo, let's soar out of this bear
buzz fest. Clucky, you run over to the
bridge and instead of using the slime
covered bridge, which would have been
very safe, you activate weak flight. You
are most likely going to make it, you
just have to roll a five or above
and you roll a two. Cluckucky, as you
lunge out over the river, your wings
give out and you smash head first back
into the rocks and the water below,
going down to just one health. Uh,
Rodri, what do you got? Please run away.
Please run away. Please run away.
>> Turns to the camera. All right, viewers,
it's time for a tactical retreat. I'll
cross the slime covered bridge to
regroup with Clucky and Slugma and keep
this honey to the alchemist.
>> Always remember, the smart bear knows
when to advance and when to
strategically withdraw.
>> That's smart. Okay, he's got some
balance here. You cross the bridge
safely thanks to Sluggma's slime. And
you watch as Clucky picks herself back
up and meets with y'all on the other
side of the river. The three of you now
have two globs of precious honey on you.
And Rya the Alchemist turns to you and
says, "Ah, fantastic. Hand those over to
me. I'll whip you up some healing
potions real quick." Sluggma, what do
you do?
>> No. Big mama's honey, my precious. Holds
the honey close and glares at Ria. If
you want it, you must promise shiny
potions. Oh yes. starts muttering about
the Lakers and slime while gripping
their honey with gooey determination.
>> Yes, I I have a reputation. The wizard
Doug Dug, I've given him potions before.
Please, Big Mama, Big Papa, I'm not I'm
not quite clear what your your your name
is. Uh if you hand over that honey, you
even look a bit hurt. I can whip up the
healing potion in just about 10 minutes.
>> All right. All right. Big Mama expects
glittering precious potions in return or
else.
>> Uh Clucky, you have the other glob of
honey. What do you choose to do?
>> No worries, Slugma. I've got this
covered.
>> Handing over the honey to rear.
>> Okay,
>> but I'm rigging up a honey potion
quality analyzer 5,000 to make sure
these potions are topnotch.
>> Perfect. Clucky, you try to invent a uh
honey analyzer as long as you roll 13 or
above. Unfortunately, the uh machine
just doesn't really seem to come
together in the way that you hoped. But
Ria looks at you two and says, "Thank
you so much. I'll be back in just a few
minutes." She heads into her cabin and
you see her start to pour the honey into
a variety of vials and beers with
delicious smelling smoke coming out of
there. You hear from inside, "All
righty, it's done." And Ria walks out
and hands one potion to you, Clucky, and
one potion to you, Sluggma. As far as
the three of you can tell, these look
like legitimate healing potions, which,
as you know, would heal one of your
hearts. What do you choose to do with
the potions? Hopefully, Clucky drinks
one.
>> Shiny potion indeed. But can we trust
it? Yeah. Big Papa drinks it first,
glares at the potion suspiciously before
downing it in one gulp, expecting
immediate betrayal.
>> As you feel it courarssing through your
veins with a sinister realization that
in fact this is a healing potion and it
works and you are back up to three
hearts, full health, in fact. Cluckucky,
what do you choose to do?
>> Cluck. Yeah, Slugma's looking shiny and
new.
>> I'll down this potion, but I'll mod it
with a feather reactor first just to
ensure there's no aftertaste. Booyah.
Bottoms up.
>> Who cares if there's after whatever you
cluck congratulations go up to two
hearts. With the party looking
healthier, the alchemist Ria points at
you and says, "Ah, thanks so much for
helping me out today. Uh, I'll see you
around soon." And she heads back into
her cabin. Adventures, you are now able
to move back into the world map and head
farther north to your next scenario. Is
there anything you choose to do before
then? I'll let Rodri speak and otherwise
we're going forward to scenario number
two. He's probably just going to drink
his pee and then we're moving on. Turns
to the camera. All right, viewers. After
a successful honey mission and a vital
hydration break, it's time to venture
onward. Before we proceed, I'll consult
the bear code by making a ceremonial pea
circle. This ensures prosperity for our
next journey. Let's ceremonial find
those shadow creatures.
>> That's Yeah, that's fine. Before heading
north, you get into the ceremonial
circle of the bear code and you all help
refill Roderick's canteen.
As you watch the canteen fill up, your
emotions are stirred, knowing that this
is what true chivalry looks like.
And with the ritual complete, the three
of you look to the north. There are two
options ahead of you. The map says that
to the left there's a road which goes to
a lake, but you've heard that there's a
very friendly sea captain there who runs
a ferry who can get you across that lake
safe and sound. And the road to the east
takes you through a fa forest. A forest
full of mysterious creatures and magics.
There are rumors that a powerful oracle
lives there. Adventures, do you choose
to go left to the lake or right to the
fa forest?
>> Balls. I'm feeling a tingling in my
feathers telling me to hit up that fa
forest. Bet you there's a sweet new
gadget or magical doohickey waiting for
us there. Sounds like a blast.
>> That's true. Cluck's on board. Slogma,
what you got?
>> No. Big Papa refuses to go near the
lake. Cursed Lakers haunt those waters.
>> Okay, he's very passionate about it. She
stops slithering towards the forest
about shiny treasures and the Lakers
eternal doom. Big mama promises we'll
find precious shinies and avoid the
watery treachery.
>> Okay. All right.
>> Turns to the camera. As survival
experts, we must embrace the mysterious
and the unknown.
>> [__] hate. The bear code dictates
that fa forests offer unique challenges
and potential allies
>> into the unknown with courage and pee
>> aren't synonymous. The party adventures
on the eastern path towards the fa
forest. I will say I hate sluggma, but
he's also maybe the greatest character
we've ever made.
>> For a while you encounter nothing,
simply beautiful foliage and sparkling
water. But eventually you come across a
small cottage in the middle of an island
passing through sorry sluggma a lake. As
you enter into the cottage doors you
look across the room and see a very very
old wisened woman. She beckons to you.
She says newcomers. I haven't seen
anyone travel this path in a long time.
In fact I haven't seen anything in a
long time. I've been blind for decades.
I wouldn't mind but I haven't seen true
beauty in so long. So, I propose a
trade. If you tell me a story of the
most beautiful site you've ever seen, I
will gift you with one of my rare
trinkets. She doesn't even seem to
notice the many magical potions,
equipment, and explosive barrels that
sit around her, but she sits with an
aura of extreme confidence. Rodrik, what
do you do? Turns to the camera. When
recounting tales of beauty, always draw
upon the most profound experiences. The
most beautiful sight I've ever seen was
the golden glow of dawn shimmering off a
pristine lake as I took a lifesaving
gulp of my own. It's an image that
embodies survival, resilience, and the
bear coat's core turns back to the
oracle. Wise oracle, that liquid gold
sunrise has forever changed my
perspective on beauty and survival. Very
beautiful, Rodri. The oracle closes her
eyes as you begin talking and she smiles
serenely as you describe the uh
experience on the lake. that that golden
experience. But then suddenly she
mutters an incantation to herself. And
the three of you feel things getting a
bit blurry, a a bit fuzzy. And suddenly
all three of you feel that you are
actually in that scene standing at the
lake that Rodri described. You can feel
the wind on your face. You can feel the
pee in your throat. Everything about the
experience feels completely real.
Clucky, what do you do? Before you
answer, the oracle says, "Ah, yes. What
else is beautiful about this scene?" You
know what really makes this scene
clucking magical? The reflection of the
sunrise on an egg refleto mirror I just
whipped up. Rigging some tools to create
a dazzling egg lens function. Now see
the beauty of nature and innovation
combined.
>> Oh, very interesting. The oracle says
that's also quite beautiful. But
unfortunately these dreams sometimes
they can turn into nightmares and you
see a massive squid creature emerge from
the golden lake. This squid creature is
huge and terrifying. You feel fear.
Sluggma, what do you do? The oracle
screams at you again and says, "What
makes this beautiful?"
>> Beautiful. Beautiful is how Big Papa
rises above the Lakers cursed waters,
activates slime dunk, and launches
toward the massive squid creature,
aiming to slam dunk.
>> He slam dunks the squid creature.
>> Witness the epic salty glory of Big
Mama's might, shouting out a sick
catchphrase, get dunked, squid brain. As
the mist continues to obscure your
vision, in an almost dreamlike state,
you imagine in yourself jumping forward
and trying to slam dunk the squid.
The oracle says to you, "Haha, yes,
impressive. But does it work?"
The squid in some sort of LeBron James
Lakers heroism dodges to the side and
smacks you across the back of the head,
sluggma,
and you take one heart of damage. The
oracle says, "The scene, it's not
beautiful enough. Rodri, what do you do?
Turns to the camera. In extreme
scenarios, beautifying the scene often
involves facing the danger head on. I'll
use my bare arms to double swipe this
squid back into the enchanting waters.
Ah, yes. It would be beautiful to swipe
the squid. But would it work?
[Applause]
And she says, "Yes, yes, that would be
beautiful." And you see yourself, Rodri,
again in a dreamlike state, flying
higher than you ever have in the air. As
you leap forward and with two massive
swipes, rip the squid open. The entire
body erupts outwards in an explosion of
golden fluid. And the sunset that you
pictured at the beginning shines
beautifully through it all.
The oracle whispers to you, "Yes, that
is true beauty." and the mist over your
eyes slowly dissipates and you find
yourselves sitting across a wooden table
staring at a blind oracle in her shabby
little tavern. She says, "I haven't seen
something quite that beautiful in a long
time. If you want, you may have one of
my precious trinkets. A seated top this
big ass is
[Applause]
Oh my god." You see a golden precious
ring that looks like the one ring that
you've ever seen in your life. What do
you do?
>> My precious.
>> Even when I fish for it onto the golden
ring. Big mama lunges for it,
frantically grabbing it, holding it
close. No one else touch it. It's mine.
Glares around defensively, ready to
slime anyone who dares look at it. Big
Papa deserves this shiny treasure. The
oracle hears you as you pick it up and
shout about the ring and she says, "Ah,
yes. It's the only ring like that ever
created. The one ring they might call
it. They say if the wearer puts it on
their fingers, they turn invisible for a
short period of time. Please use it
well." What I assume is a beautiful
young lady. I can't actually see you,
but I'm just going to guess based on how
eloquently you've spoken. Best of luck
to you three as you travel farther
north. There are more dangers ahead.
Rodri, do you do anything else before
you head out as a party?
>> Turn to the camera. As we accept this
precious ring, it's essential to express
gratitude and solidify our bond with
valuable allies. Bows deeply to the
oracle. Your wisdom and gift are greatly
appreciated.
>> May the bear coat guide us as we venture
forth into the unknown. Look at that
with honorable power.
>> That's like the one time he didn't drink
pee. What a great guide. Sir Rodrik, you
bow very gracefully and chivalously to
the oracle and Sluggma. Uh, you grasp
onto your precious as the three of you
exit out the back door of the cabin and
head farther north. Checking the world
map, there are three roads ahead of you.
The left road seems to head towards a
famous bazaar, a merchant gathering
where you've heard that rare artifacts
are sold. The middle route goes through
a dense forest and to the right lies a
very deep cavernous river with a large
bridge. Which of the three areas would
you like to head towards? Big mama wants
more shinies. To the bazaar we go.
Precious treasures await. Slithers
frantically toward the left path.
>> You've got to start waiting for your
team. Man turns to the camera. As we
venture towards the bazaar, it's pivotal
to prepare for possible encounters with
rogues and swindlers. I'll set the
example by hydrating with my canteen,
ensuring peak physical readiness.
>> Remember viewers, vigilance and
hydration are paramount.
>> All right. And they head
>> here. We clucking come
>> to the bazaar.
After several days of traveling, you
find yourself in the outskirts of a
desert. You see a pathway to the famous
Grand Bazaar. You enter the tent and
look around, recognizing some of the
stories you've heard about the finest
merchants and wares on the continent. In
this main tent room, you see four
merchant stalls in the corners, each one
offering a dazzling display of items. As
you walk in, you hear a whisper from the
top left of the room. A crafty looking
shopkeeper whispers at you. As you stand
forward, she says, "Hey, you
adventurers." And she beckons you
towards her stall. Crafty shopkeeper
means shiny secrets, my precious.
Slithers towards the whispering
shopkeeper. Eyes darting around for any
hidden treasures. Big mama's got a nose
for the good stuff. mutters furiously
about the Lakers and suspiciously eyes
the guards.
>> Okay.
>> Turns to the camera. In environments
teameming with potential riches and
dangers, one must act decisively. I
shall employ the speak to animals
ability to have a quick secret chat with
any rodents or small creatures around.
Seeing if there are hidden truths or
traps about this crafty shopkeeper. Wise
and stealthy moves are part of the bear
coat's essence. All right, Rodri, you do
actually see a a mouse near one of the
exits and with your bare voice, growl
out.
[Applause]
The mouse is terrified and it scurries
away behind the desk. Clucky, what do
you choose to do?
>> While Slugma deals with the shopkeeper,
I'll use my artifact finder romatic to
scan for any hidden goodies.
>> Clucky, you attempt to cobble together
from some of the various things around
the common area. An artifact finder.
Unfortunately, there's not a lot around
you. So, this will be difficult 15 or
above, and you will manage to create it.
So, actually, you do. And part of it's
using those goggles that you're famous
for, and you seem to actually pull out
one of the extra lenses you have.
Combine it with the uh bear sniffer from
earlier and a strange magical looking
stick from underneath this table and you
manage to make an object that you sort
of scan around the room. And what you
notice is that the table for the woman
who was whispering and Sluggma is now
talking to seems to have quite a few
magical artifacts. And then there's
another stall to the northeast that also
seems to have several magical artifacts
inside of it that your device is really
identifying is notable. The other two
stalls in the corners, you don't see
anything notable, but one of them does
have a healing potion. Meanwhile,
Slugma, you have walked up to the
shopkeeper and she says, "Ah, gigantic
slug creature. My name is Lydia, and I
need help." A merchant, Darien, works
across the hallway, and she points over
at the the stall to the northeast. He
stole my grandmother's precious necklace
from me and has refused to give it back.
If you retrieve it for me, I'll let you
pick any item of your choice from the
stall, but you have to be careful of the
guards. They're looking out for any
thieves or miscreants around here. What
say you? A stolen shiny. Big mama can't
abide that. Slithers close to the stall.
Lydia pointed out using trail of slime
to make it difficult for guards to
follow. Big Papa will retrieve the
necklace, but no one touches my precious
shiny things belong to me.
>> Darien, the man that you were warned
about, eyes you wearily and says, "You
look uh a bit excited for my wares.
Anything in particular I can show you?"
He's looking at you dead on as you
approach the stall. What do you do?
>> Show me your shinies, Darian. All of
them eyes the stall greedily while
mumbling about Lakers while he's
distracted. Big mama might just vomit
some slime on his face.
>> What?
>> Gets ready to use vomit if Darien lets
his guard down for even a second. Only
Big Papa deserves the precious.
>> Uh he looks at you concerned with an
extremely weary eye. Yes, of course.
Here are my wares. He points to a uh a
vial full of powder. He says, "Ah,
shrinking powder. Maybe you've heard of
it. or this precious rare mask. It
allows the wearer to perfectly imitate
any voice that they've ever heard. And
then he points to a necklace that's
sitting in the middle of the stall. And
this necklace is extremely precious. I
wouldn't give it away for anything in
the world. At no point during this
conversation has he let down his guard.
He seems to be extremely cautious.
>> Oh, the necklace, my precious.
>> Uh-oh.
>> In a fit of manic excitement, I've met
on encasing him in slime for two turns.
Big Papa claims the necklace. Okay.
Snatches the neck.
>> He vomits. He's trapped.
A guard looks up and shouts, "Thief, get
back here." and starts running after
you, Sluggma. The commotion is growing
and all of the residents of the market
are now starting to look. Cluckucky and
Rodri, what do you choose to do? Turns
to the camera. When chaos erupts, a
rapid and extreme response can turn the
tide.
>> I will employ my bare arms to double
swipe the guard. Russian. This isn't
good. This isn't good.
>> Let's create a path for our daring
heist. Love the passion, Rodri. You run
forward and use your bear swipes. 11 or
above will connect.
A 10. Just barely. The swipes miss the
guard who seems to be quite adept.
Guards, this bear is with them, too.
Clucky, what do you choose to do?
>> All right, pluck this. I'll create an
exploding slime moonwalker device using
the vomit slime and my multi-eomatic
3000.
>> Okay, she does have the multi-eatic 12
or above and it works.
Sluggma,
you're in the corner of the bazaar and
you can see across the room another
guard is now running your direction.
What do you choose to do, Sluggma? Rig,
you just hate Sluggma. He went up and
vomited on the guy. There was more stuff
that was going to happen.
>> Papa's got to slip away.
>> Okay. Yes.
>> Activating trail of slime to mess up the
guards.
>> Okay, he still has trail of slime.
>> Trail of extremely sticky and slippery
slime behind us. Slithering towards an
exit. My precious necklace is mine.
Okay, activating your slime, you leave a
trail behind you as you work your way
towards the exit. You get about halfway
there, but the guard near the door is
able to run at you. Meanwhile, Rodri,
the guard who you attacked, shouts,
"Thieves! Thieves! We need more guards!"
As he shouts that down the hallway, he
pulls out his sword and takes a swing at
you. 15 or above and it'll hit. The
sword misses. From down the hall, you
hear commotion as another guard starts
rustling towards the main hallway.
Darien encased with the slime is shaking
more and more.
You know he'll be able to break out of
it soon. Meanwhile, Lydia at the initial
stall says, "Wait, slug creature. That's
my necklace. That's my grandmother's."
And starts running after you. Rodri,
what do you do? Turns to the camera and
in a situation spiraling out of control.
The bear code mandates. When does it not
mandate? My hibernation ability to fall
into an impenetrable sleep. serving as a
decoy and buying my companions precious
time to escape
>> lies down dramatically. Remember
viewers, sometimes the most heroic act
is taking a tactical nap.
>> Okay, Rodri, you lay down on the floor
in front of the guard who stares at you
confused as you close your eyes and fall
asleep. Cluckucky, what do you do?
>> Oh, Cluck. Rodri's snoring already.
Activates egg bomb and tosses it into
the center of
>> Okay, she has egg bomb. Cluckucky, you
pick up one of your eggs that you have
been carrying. You toss it into the
center of the bazaar. It explodes in a
cloud of gas. It lands on top of a
kindly bizarre patron and the guard near
Sluggma. Those two need to roll to see
whether they are encased in Salmonella.
The guard chasing Sluggma inhales a
massive burst of the exploding egg and
goes as he falls to the ground, feeling
sick to his knees. Meanwhile, Lydia runs
over to you and says, "Tell your slug
friend to bring that back. That's my
daughter's necklace." Sluggma, you are
now up. lies. It's shiny and now it's
big mama's. Activates sticky surface and
starts crawling up the walls with the
necklace. No one can reach big papa's
precious treasures now.
>> Okay, Sluggma, you slide very close to
the exit, taunting the guards and the
shopkeepers around you. Lydia runs
further at you and screams, "No, I found
that necklace in the desert tomb. It's
mine." Back near you, Rodri. The guard
takes a sword and swings it into your
unconscious body, but it bounces off
harmlessly. Another guard has finally
entered the bizaar. Meanwhile, Darien
finally sort of starts breaking his head
out of the projectile vomit and yells
out, "That's not even her necklace. Give
it back." Rodri, you are currently
asleep and invincible. What do you
choose to do? Muttering in sleep. The
bear code must follow these. Tactical
nap mode engaged. Okay. Uh, Clucky, what
do you choose to do?
>> Time to throw down some real chaos.
Activates detonate inventions.
>> Oh, [__] She does have that. Run for
the hills.
>> As you say this, you press the
detonator. Each one of your devices
explodes into a pillar of flame around
the bazaar over Lydia and the first
guard near the patrons near the other
two guards directly over the guard and
Rodri who are fighting each other.
Sluggma up on the walls is not harmed by
the explosions. Rodri in his invincible
state of hibernation also is not hurt at
all. Clucky, I am assuming that you were
not standing near one of your inventions
while you did this. You scream to run
for the hills and begin moving towards
one of the exits. Sluggma, the bizaar is
in chaos and flames. What do you do?
>> Beautiful chaos. Big mama loves it. Time
to escape with my precious slithers
along the ceiling.
>> Making a mad dashing
continuing to curse the Lakers.
>> Rodri, you are deep in an invincible
hibernation, but you can feel the flames
licking around you and the chaos
forming. Do you choose to wake up or do
anything? wakes up groggy hearing the
commotion. Ah, the bear code reserves as
he wake ups for moments like this. Turns
to the camera. Sometimes he must abandon
tactical naps and spring into action to
hibernation and make a swift escape,
demonstrating a high energy survival
sprint. Dance towards the nearest exit
while guzzling down pee for a hydration
boost. Or stay on your toes and hydrated
in emergencies. in the chaos of the fire
and flames. The guard barely notices as
you stand up and begin running for the
exit while chugging pee. You are however
going through the center of the flames
and so you will have to roll to see if
you're hurt. But with your survival
skills and the pee covering you, it's
not going to be quite as hard. 10 or
above and you make it.
Unfortunately, you trip on a little bit
of Sluggma's slime and you smell the
salmonella from the egg bomb in the air.
You go, "Oh." And you find yourself at
just one heart. Clucky. The bizaar is in
chaos. Next to you stands Lydia's stall.
You also see below the desk that had one
of the healing potions that you saw
earlier with your detecting machine.
What do you choose to do?
>> Cluck it. I'm grabbing that healing
potion and any shiny trinket nearby.
>> Okay, Clucky. You run south and while
one of the nearby shopkeeper is
screaming from the flames and the slime.
You managed grabbing the healing potion
that you saw, you begin working your way
out towards the exit. Rodri, you are
still barely in the flames. You watched
as Clucky quickly snatched a potion and
made her way out of the bizarre. What do
you choose to do?
>> Turns to the camera. In extreme
situations, it's vital to seize any
remaining opportunities for survival.
Make a mad dash to grab a shiny trinket
from necessary. The flames. Remember,
the bear code dictates make every second
count. A shiny trinket and spritz
towards the exit. The singe of flames
biting at his fur.
>> Okay, Rodri, you grab a rope off of
Lydia's table and then dash for the
exit. You are near the edge of the
flames, but you're going to have to make
sure you dodge them. The entire bizarre
is in chaos, full of screaming. But you
have to get through these flames. Seven
or above, and you make it through.
Please don't die.
[Applause]
But unfortunately, Rodri, grabbing the
rope from the stall, slowed you down
just a bit. Another burst of flames
erupts around you from the wooden bizaar
walls, and you feel yourself engulfed
right before you reach the exit. I would
like to introduce a death save mechanic
here. This was stupid. He took a nap in
the middle of this place and then tried
to steal before leaving. This was a dumb
idea. Rodri might die. We knew that when
we created these three beautiful
characters and sent them into the world.
[__] Rodri. Use the healing potion on
Sluggma.
Rodri, you have fallen in the flames
right at the exit and now have zero
hearts. Sluggma and Clucky, you can each
choose to try to resuscitate him. It
will be extremely difficult to pull off,
but if you do, he'll be just barely
alive and you can get him out of there.
If you choose to use the healing potion
on him, you're much much more likely to
revive him. You each get one chance.
Although, as a reminder, you don't have
to take care of him at all. Sluggma,
let's begin with you. I feel like
Sluggma might leave.
>> Roderick, you foolish bear. Don't think
this means Big Papa cares.
>> Slithers back through the flames using
sticky surface to avoid the worst of
them. Fine, fine. Big Mama will try to
save you. Go in for the safe,
>> but only because shiny artifacts can't
be found without
>> He's sounding awfully sweet right now.
>> Prone body trying to pull him to safety
with slimecovered hands, all the while
muttering about how stupid and useless
bears are. Come on, bear. Don't make me
regret this.
>> With an enormous amount of frustration
and regret, Sluggma attempts to pull
Rodri out of the flames. If you roll a
16 or above, you will successfully get
him out of there and revive him.
[Music]
Unfortunately, Sluggma, he's still lying
there unconscious. Clucky, you have one
chance. If you use the healing potion,
it'll be much higher. What do you choose
to do?
>> Fine, you dumb bear. Let's hope this
works.
>> Okay.
>> Dashes back through the flames,
clutching the healing potion. I'll pour
this on you. Then, we'll owe each other
one.
>> Clucky, making sure to remind Rodri that
she also doesn't want to do this for
some reason, walks over and pours the
healing potion into the bear's mouth. A
six or above on the die means he's
brought back. Let's see it.
[Applause]
[Music]
And with a roll of seven, Rodri's eyes
snap open. He looks around panicked. And
the three of you managed to lunge out of
the bazaar with the flames erupting
behind you.
Rodri, you are back up to one health.
It's a good thing you found and stole
that healing potion. And now,
adventures. With the great and famous
bizaar erupting in chaos behind you, you
are able to head north. Any final words
to each other before you head out on the
next adventure?
>> Listen here, bear and bird. Big Mama
saved your furry hides. Clutches the
newly acquired necklace tightly glaring
at both of them. Don't think this means
big papa cares.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah, Slugma, your goo saved us. Now
let's hustle.
>> You literally ruined everything. Turns
to the camera. In the aftermath of
chaos, it's critical to stay hydrated
and gather your bearings. This is the
first thing he does.
>> I'll drink some pee from my canteen to
restore my energy and prepare for the
journey ahead.
>> A bit close, but our adventure has made
it through. Scenario number three. Oh
man, I want him to make it. I Rodri puts
himself in harm's way a lot. Like, we
all knew Rodri was most likely to die,
right? Nat 20 and pee heals. Uh, later.
If he pees in combat, I'll give it to
him. All right, adventurers.
Congratulations on surviving the Grand
Bazaar Sluggma. As you begin traveling
north, you fiddle around with the
precious necklace and you realize that
it has some interesting properties. Once
per day, you are able to use it to
magically swap two objects. And now you
see that to the north, the path forks
into two different roads. On the western
road, the map takes you to a forest
where there is known to be a tavern that
travelers frequent. And on the right
path leads through a small village.
Wait, no, that's also a tavern. There's
two two taverns. Okay. Wait, what do you
ch What do you choose to do?
>> Two taverns, eh? Let's clock in and mix
it up. Then we'll head to the forest
tavern.
>> A forest tavern promises both mystery
and refreshment. I'll take point and
scout ahead, ensuring the area is secure
while sipping some pee for hydration.
>> Yes.
>> And the group forest taverns might have
shiny things.
>> Oh my god. Okay.
After a few days of traveling, you find
yourself approaching a tavern in the
forest. It looks incredibly cozy. And
you enter in and take a night of
relaxation. Uh there's quite a few
patrons around all having drinks and
merrynt the bartender Beth loves putting
out a bunch of alcohol. Unfortunately,
uh after just a round or two, he is uh a
little upset to announce to the tavern.
He shouts out, "Everybody here, I I'm so
sorry, but we're out of booze." "No, not
the booze," they shout. And Beth says,
"Well, I'm sorry. We still have, you
know, a lovely fire or a lovely uh
kitchen. I could whip you up something
if you want. Like, it's late in the
night. We don't need drink to enjoy
ourselves. You have a moment of quiet
here to discuss amongst yourself, team.
What do you do?
>> No booze, no happiness.
>> What is wrong?
>> Mama loves misery. Starts slithering
around the tavern.
>> Spreading more of my slime to ruin the
night even further. Your precious party
is over. I'll invent a booze replenisher
gizmo using the leftover drinks and some
random tapper knickknacks.
>> Okay,
>> let's turn this dry night into a party
bonanza. Everyone grab a mug and get
ready to chug.
>> All right, so Slugma starts sliming
around.
>> Your positivity makes big mama sick.
Clucky
>> glares at Clucky's invention and the
bartender's feeble attempts at
pleasuring patrons fine. I'll find
precious shinies as consolation. All
right, Clucky. You attempt to make a
what I believe is a still uh but
actually it's a fancy magical alcohol
instrument 14 or above and you just
might succeed.
17. So Clucky, you actually managed to
actually make a device that can ferment
alcohol. And you go down here and you
start working on it at the bar. The
bartender shouts, "Oh, that that's
fantastic, but uh your friend up there."
And he points uh concerningly at Sluggma
who's now slithering around on the walls
and licking stuff. Meanwhile, Sluggma,
as you start rumaging through this desk
over here,
you don't find anything.
>> Yo, bartender, chillax. Sluggma's just
being Sluggma.
>> True.
>> Booze replenisher Gizmo will fix the
party mood in no time.
>> Oh, well, okay. Just please uh sir, miss
at Sluggma says, "Please just, you know,
be careful with the belongings up
there." Rodri, is there anything you'd
like to do? Clucky uh finishes up her
booze extractor and begins handing out
ale to some of the local patrons. And
the merrynt continues. Oh, he's going to
drink pee, isn't he? He's He's going to
drink so much pee. Turns to the camera.
>> Restoring morale in tavern environments
requires radical creativity. Bartender,
allow me to demonstrate a survivalist
twist. I add my unique homemade
hydration supplement to the mix. Pours a
little bit of his own pee into a mug of
the newly brewed ale. The bear code
states that blending the extreme with
the mundane ensures unprecedented
results.
>> The bartender looks at you in horror and
he says, "Um, yeah, I guess you know, in
the foreign lands that you bears come
from, that that's how they like to do
it, huh?" There's another patron nearby
and he says, "Oh, really?" And you see
him kind of turn. He uh dribbles a
little bit of pee into his own beer and
drinks it and then goes and starts
vomiting underneath the table. But you
all seem to pass the time. Clucky,
you've done a great job of sort of
spreading some marrynt and recovering
the situation a little bit until you
hear some loud banging on the walls.
Bartender Beth shouts out, "What? No,
no, no." And he walks over to one of the
windows and he opens it. Standing on the
other side is a menacing looking
vampire. And you realize that the
banging and the scratching that you hear
around the tavern comes in all sorts of
different directions. Different tavern
patrons open windows to realize there
are five different vampires standing
around the tavern outside. Each one of
them looking in menacingly, licking
their lips. The bartender shouts out,
"Oh no, you can't come in here. Please.
All we'd like to do is join the
festivities. We have booze." And he
holds up a keg of beer to the window.
Meanwhile, the patron nearest Beth says,
"No, no, no, Beth. Vampires, they they
aren't allowed into buildings unless you
invite them inside." I I think booze and
shinies, you say? eyes the keg greedily
while still slithering on the maybe
maybe big mama should let them in more
chaos and shinies starts muttering to
myself arguing internally about their
decision while glaring at the vampire
>> but no Lakers drinks looks at the
bartender waiting for a reaction
>> okay sluggma slithers from the ceiling
down to the window looks the vampire in
the eyes and after a bit of internal
dialogue says fine welcome Come on in.
And the vampire smiles deeply. Beth
screams out, "No, you shouldn't have
invited them in. I've heard of a whole
tavern that was annihilated by vampires
recently, but they can't stand daylight.
If we can wait until the sun is up, we
we just might be okay. Quick, into the
kitchen, Clucky, what do you choose to
do?"
>> All right, vamp fans. Time to light it
up. Grabs my multi-eatic 3000 and begins
tweaking it into a vamp repelling UV egg
ejector. Got to show these vamps who's
boss with a cracking egg light show.
Okay. Like basically a a light
generator. Okay. 14 or above and you
will succeed.
15. You manage to hobble together your
multi-eatic 3000 and create what is
essentially a fantasy flashlight. Rodri,
anything you would like to do? Turns to
the camera. When faced with imminent
vampire threats, you must act swiftly
and defensively. I'll fortify the
kitchen entrance by dragging tables and
chairs to block it, creating a survival
barricade. All right, Rodri. As the
patrons start following Beth, running
and screaming into the kitchen area, you
follow along behind them. And the
instant everybody is inside the kitchen,
you begin grabbing pieces of furniture
and stacking them up by the entrance.
And after creating this makeshift
barricade, you leap over one of the
tables as part of the barricade and find
yourself in the kitchen next to the rest
of the patrons. Sluggma, you are
currently slithering around on the walls
still. What do you choose to do?
>> Sluggma should have known better. Time
for big mama to fix this. Trail of slime
to create a super sticky, slippery
entrance.
>> Not bad.
>> Lakers wouldn't have the guts to try
this.
>> All right, Clucky. As you finish up your
device, you hear the two doors of the
tavern slam open. Nearer to you, two
vampires burst in and glare at you
hungrily. Ah, chicken tenders for
dinner, I see. Meanwhile, Sluggma,
behind you, three vampires burst through
the front doors, glaring at you and say,
"H, you sir look appetizing. Are you a
giant snail? What is this?" And they
start stepping around in the muck that
you've left behind. What is this? What
are you even made out of? As the three
are confused and stuck, Clucky, you have
a moment.
>> Time to show these blood suckers I'm no
one's dinner. Okay.
>> Activates UV egg ejector, aiming the
beam at the first vampire to fry them
with daylight. Let's see if you vamps
can stand the heat. Cluck. Yeah. Love
it. The two vampires run towards you,
saying, "M, can't wait to put 11 herbs
and spices unto you." You shine the
flashlight on the first one,
unsuspecting of such a weapon. Normally
so confident in the night, you will have
a slight advantage on this vampire 12 or
above, and you will hit.
With a natural 20 roll, you shine your
improvised flashlight directly onto the
vampire who screams out, "Oh my god!"
whoosh! He erupts into flames, screaming
and yelling. The vampire flails for just
a few seconds before collapsing into a
pile of burnt ash. The vampire next to
him stares in horror. She's never seen
such an instrument. She looks scared and
stunned, unable to move. Rodri! Beth
looks at you and he says, "Just a little
bit longer and daylight will certainly
come, right?" What do you choose to do?
Oh, is he going to know? Don't make them
drink pee. Dude, these are scared poor
people. Do not make them drink.
>> Turns to the camera. In extreme cases of
imminent danger, boosting morale and
readiness with hydrations. No.
>> Grabs his canteen and drinks a hardy
gulp of homemade pee. I'll be ready to
spring out and maul them with bare arms
if they breach our barricade.
>> Okay. Sluggma, what do you choose to do?
I wish I was stuck in his ooze.
>> Time for a grand show. Big mama style.
Okay. Activates slime dunk and launches
at the three stuck vampires. Get ready
to be slammed. performs an intricate
high-flying duck, executing a sick move
to humiliate them and shouting, "Get
wrecked, you blood suckers."
You lunge at the vampires. You would
have known that vampires are extremely
powerful creatures. But right now, in
the confusion and lack of mobility
because of the slime, you will have an
advantage. 11 or above and you will hit
them.
Unfortunately, your dunk misses past the
vampires.
How dare you try to slam dunk on me? I'm
not even going to give you some of my
booze. They each attempt to wade
themselves through the slime and get
themselves unstuck. 14 or above and they
will make it out. The first one manages
to step out of the ooze.
The second one does not. And the final
one is also unable to get out of the
slime. Clucky, what do you choose to do
next? Other than the fact that Sluggma
invited the vampires in, they've done
fantastic. Surprise! A bang face
activates UV egg ejector again. This
time aiming it in a flashy dancelike
spin to create a UV light disco show
right in the vampire's path.
>> Okay. All right, Clucky. You aim your
flashlight, but you notice it seems a
little bit less stable than the last
time you used it. You shine at them 15
or above is going to work,
but your invention is simply too strong.
Despite a bit of unduriness, the light
shams directly onto the second vampire.
As suddenly her body bursts into flames,
a she screams as she too is turned into
a pile. What the hell? Of ash on the
floor. Clucky, you have defeated the two
vampires nearest you. Rodri, inside the
barricaded kitchen, the other tavern
patrons have watched in horror as you
drank your own pee. And the guy next to
you is like, "Yo, bro, I tried that
earlier. It's not It's not good. It's
not good at all." But the bartender
looks at you and says, "Rodrick, if
needed, I do have a pendant here. It's
somewhere in the kitchen, I believe,
under the in the shelves back there, and
he points to the corner." My father gave
it to me. It's a pendant that can
protect a small area from the undead.
There might even be healing potions down
there as well. Rodri, what would you
like to do? I mean, so far he's like
protecting the group. He's doing great.
Turns to the camera. When defending a
fortification, deploying protective
relics can turn the tide. I'll channel
the bear code's wisdom, rushing to
retrieve the pendant and any healing
potions to the shelves.
[Applause]
>> Unfortunately, you don't manage to find
it. Beth the bartender shouts out of
you. No, no, no. Not that shelf. It's
the one to the right. I think that is
your turn. Sluggma, you are now facing
three vampires. One of which is unstuck
and running towards you. What do you
choose to do?
>> You want some of Big Mama's precious
blood? Ha! Time to get creative.
Activate sticky surface, slithering up
the wall and across the ceiling while
throwing random objects down at the
vampires like a mad slug tornado. Papa
will slime dunk you from above. Take
this lake loving vamps. Leaps off the
ceiling for a devastating slime dunk.
The vampires and shouting, "It's slime
time, suckers." Sluggma, your previous
slam dunk did not work, but this time
you activate your slime crawling
abilities. Get up onto the ceiling and
then standing over the two immobile
vampires. Drop down for a mega slam.
Eight or above will connect.
It's slime time and you miss badly
again.
But due to the slime, you're able to
slither away before they can punish you.
However, the free vampire does rush at
you and tries to lunge and take a bite.
He rolls a 15 or above. He'll hit you.
He misses. From behind you, Slugma, you
can hear the bartender screaming.
Please, adventurers, join us in the
kitchen where it's safe. We only need to
survive a little bit longer. Cluckucky.
What do you choose to do?
>> Sorry, Bamps, but you ain't touching my
slimy buddy.
>> Okay.
>> Activates egg bomb, throwing it at the
vampires stuck in Slugma's slime for a
double w of chaos. Time for an eggy
explosion. Cluckers. It explodes over
them. Let's see if the Salmonella
connects. 13 or above and you hit them.
Ooh. You throw the bomb and it spreads,
but you see them holding their breath,
growling angrily at you. It doesn't seem
to have affected them. Rodri, back in
the kitchen. What do you choose to do?
>> Turns to the camera. When resources are
scarce and time is short, precision is
key. I rummage through the correct
drawer to find the pendant or any
healing potions. Every second counts.
You rumage through and
you pull out a silver pendant. Be the
barkeep shouts out, "Yes, that that's
it. That's it. That could keep us safe
from those monsters." As you see behind
the pendant, you notice that there is
also a healing potion which you grab as
well. The pendant can be used to create
a 5-ft x 5 ft barrier that no undead can
pass through, which would in fact keep
out vampires. Meanwhile, Sluggma, what
do you choose to do? Give it to Sluggma.
>> Rodri has one health.
>> Enough is enough.
>> You're not getting Big Mama's precious
mucus.
>> Just run away to vomit, hurling a big
ball of slime right at the unstuck
vampire. That's actually a good idea.
Taste the wrath of Big Papa's slime
attack. You'll stay stuck forever.
>> Sluggma opens and bars
over the vampire in front of him. You
need a 12 or above.
Unfortunately, the vomit slides right
off of his slick vampire skin.
Cluckucky, what do you choose to do?
Clucky better pull out some [__] here.
>> Time to light them up. Points the UV egg
ejector at the gas, aiming to ignite it
and create a vampire BBQ.
>> Okay,
>> let's turn this into a crispy clucking
inferno.
>> Interesting. You can feel the flashlight
that you've created becoming more and
more rickety. It really doesn't seem
like it's going to work, but the
immobility of these vampires makes the
shot just a little bit easier. and a 15
or above will hit them.
Unfortunately, the flashlight does not
seem to work. The vampires glare at you
and try to lift up their feet, but
before they can, they're still breathing
in this noxious gas that they haven't
been able to escape from your egg bomb.
So, the vampire on the left will try to
see if they can hold their breath for
another turn. The vampire on the left is
able to hold their breath. The vampire
on the right is also able to hold their
breath. And now they attempt to get out
of Slugma's ooze with a 10. The left
vampire continues to stay stuck, but
with a 17, the right vampire does manage
to unstick herself. Sluggma, the vampire
next to you, lunges forward for an
attack. 15 or above, and he'll be able
to connect.
The vampire jumps on top of your body
and manages to sink his fangs into your
mucousy flesh. Your mucus will be mine,
Big Mama. He screams at you and you take
a damage, going down to just one heart.
Rodri, you've retrieved a healing
potion. And the bar key, Beth, looks out
the kitchen window and shouts, "The sun,
it's almost risen." Meanwhile, Rodri,
what do you choose to do?
>> Turns to the camera, facing imminent
danger. It's time to combine strength
with strategy.
>> Consume the healing potion to regain my
energy and then rush out to protect my
companions
protective barrier around them.
>> Okay, Rodri, you chug down the healing
potion, pushing yourself up to two
health. The pendant can only protect a
small 5-ft radius from the undead, which
means you'll only be able to use it
around one of your two teammates. Where
do you choose to use it? Sluggma is
looking bad. It's got to be Sluggma
turns to the camera. Extreme situations
require quick yet calculated decisions.
I'll rush to Slugma, placing the
pendant's protective barrier around us.
Okay, this will keep the vampire away
and give us time to regroup.
>> Rodri, you lunge forward and activate
the pendant. A golden yellow barrier
engulfs the three of you and the vampire
screams in pain and leaps off. It's not
a pea shield. Sluggma, you and Rodri are
sitting in the piss shield. What do you
choose to do?
>> Safe in Big Mama's precious shield, but
I can't leave Clucky out there.
>> Okay.
>> Use my shiny new necklace to swap Clucky
and the vampire she's fighting with the
chandelier above. holds up the necklace
and mutters about Lakers and Shiny's
shiny tricks for Slugs.
>> Slugma, you use your newly found
necklace to swap the vampire next to
Clucky and the chandelier that hangs on
the ceiling above. not knowing if this
will actually work. You see as the
vampire suddenly pops out of existence
and appears 5 ft over at the very top of
the ceiling and you see her flailing as
she falls down and slams back into the
slime and gets stuck again to the floor
from where you left your ooze earlier.
Cluckucky, you can tell that the
vampires don't have much longer in the
tavern. What do you choose to do?
>> Out of the frying pan into the daylight
dough, time to end this vamp fiesta once
and for all. Turning on UV egg ejector
and aiming it around like a wild disco
line to catch the stuck vamps in the
rays. It's party clucking time. No one
messes with plucky and friends.
>> Okay, Clucky swinging the flashlight
across them. You can feel the device
nearly at its wit's edge. 16 or above
and you'll get them.
Unfortunately, the flashlight does not
shine upon them. The vampires attempt to
pull themselves out of the slime, but
one of them has fallen onto her side
from the ceiling and has no ability to
actually get herself out. The one on the
left attempts though.
>> You failed.
>> The one on the left though has a look of
grim determination. You see a fire in
him that you have not seen this entire
fight. He's watched as his companions
have been burned and slimed and dropped
from the ceiling. This, the leader of
the vampires, has decided he will not
stand for this any longer. With all of
his might, he lifts up his legs. The
ooze tries to keep him sucked down into
it. But he keeps pulling until
eventually he jumps out of the ooze. But
with reckless abandon, too much force
was used, flies through the air and
slams into his other vampire
compatriate. And the two collapse onto
the floor in a pile of uncoordinated
mess and stickiness. And as they pick
themselves up off the floor, Clucky, you
see a single beam of light shining
through the windows. It turns out this
late night party had gone pretty late
with all that pee and booze you guys had
made. And suddenly, how do I draw light?
No. The vampires scream. Daylight
streams onto their face. It's not pee.
It's not pee. It's sunlight. It's a As
they're as they are dowsted in a golden
shower of sunlight, the three remaining
vampires burst into flames. And the
vampire party is defeated.
All right, let them talk for a bit and
then we're heading out. There is a
chance they can find another healing
potion, but they have to actively look
for it. Otherwise, we're moving on. Big
mama's tired of all this warm happy
gratitude. Slithers around the tavern,
grumble licking and inspecting for any
shiny hidden treasures. Shiny things my
precious Beth, you hold him out on me.
>> Okay.
>> Turns to the camera. I'll use my speak
to animals ability to ask any tavern
mice if they know of hidden treasures.
Remember viewers, small allies can
reveal big secrets. Bear codes, ancient
wisdom. Browse to the tavern mice. Tell
us your secrets, little friends. This is
not nice at all.
>> I'll take the leftover vampire dust and
some tavern knickknacks to create a
vampire dust navigator, hoping to find
hidden secrets in the tavern walls.
>> What the hell are you guys? Okay, so
they're all looking for treasures. I I
was kind of opening up for like them to
talk to the bartender and they're all
just like rumaging around his [__]
Rodri, you turn to a local tavern mouse,
Rodri, and you use your animal speak at
the mouse looks curiously at you and
then
sniffs appreciatively and runs
underneath one of the tavern counters.
You notice it run through a small pile
of trash and treasures. Amidst the
trash, you do see what appears to be the
side of a health potion. Turns to the
camera. In the aftermath of battle, it's
vital to share the spoils responsibly.
Okay,
>> Slugma, you seem the most hurt. Here,
take this health potion to restore your
vitality. All right, let's ensure our
team remains strong and ready for the
next challenge. Sluggma, you have
received a health potion from Rodri. At
the same time, you've been slithering
around on the walls, and you have
not found anything.
>> Grabs the healing potion and downs it in
one gulp. Yeah, he drank it. I'll be
back on top and no more of this
happiness nonsense.
>> I thought he wasn't going to drink it.
Okay, Sluggma, congratulations. You are
up to two hearts. Plucky, any final
actions before Oh, right. Yeah, you
built the machine. Let's see if that
worked.
All right, team. The barkeep Beth wishes
you farewell. You head out north towards
the next adventure. Looking at your
world map, you see that the road simply
leads to a single destination. It
appears, as far as you can tell, to be
the location of a quaint village.
>> Turns to the camera. I shall take the
lead, scouting the path ahead while
maintaining hydration from my tasty
canteen.
>> Roll for heal. Okay, fine. If he rolls a
20, then yes, he will heal.
No,
I want him to make it, dude. I love this
party. They're actually like so creative
and good. All right, team. You advance
forward. And after several days on the
road, you find yourself outside the
small village of Bedberg, hoping to find
some rest after your travels, you are
instead approached by the mayor, who
rushes up to you and shouts,
"Adventures, please. You look like
strong and intimidating folks. Please
help our poor town." Ever since that
wizard moved up, and he points up the
hill at a tower that you can see just up
on the hillside. Ever since he moved in
a few months ago, everybody in town has
started getting sick and we don't know
why. Please, could you help us get rid
of the wizard? And another villager
walks up and she's holding a small
child. She says, "Please, adventures,
little bladder here has had a fever all
night. We're fed up with this. You have
a moment to discuss amongst yourselves.
What would you like to do?"
>> turns to the camera. When villagers plea
for help, taking decisive and bold
action is paramount. We must investigate
the wizard's tower using extreme
survivalist tactics to uncover the
source of the sickness. Remember
viewers, the bear code values swift and
forthright intervention in the face of
danger. Onward to the wizard's domain.
Can is somebody keeping track of what
the bear code is? I don't There's a lot
in the bear code. All right, the group
is traveling up the hill together.
>> Time to kick this wizard to the curb
with some clucking creativity. I'll rig
up an anti-sickness omatic using village
dirt and some feathers, protecting any
magical nasties this wizard's cooking
up.
>> Okay, fine, Clucky. You try to make a
something.
[Applause]
And it works really well. Could you
remind me what the device is actually
used for?
>> It's an anti-sickness omatic for
detecting any magical nasties, boss.
>> What? Clucky, you have made a device
that can detect magical nasties. Also,
uh, Rodri, since you drank some pee.
Oh,
[Music]
because you drank some pee, Rodri. You
feel its energy surging through your
body. This is truly what you needed in
this moment to survive. And after so, so
much pee the past few weeks of
traveling. The pee nourishes you in a
way that it's never nourished before.
And you go from two hearts to three.
You're feeling incredibly healthy and
spry just like a survivalist would.
Cluckucky, Sluggma, and Rodri, you work
your way up the hillside. As you do,
Clucky, you notice that your virus
omatic machine is kind of like beeping
and shaking as you point it towards the
well. What do you choose to do, team?
Turns to the camera. Discovering magical
disturbances requires both caution and
bold steps. Let's investigate the well
first. Potentially, it's a source of the
vill's sickness.
>> Okay,
>> I'll lower myself into the well using
the rope I found at Lydia's stall in the
bazaar. The bear code is the commands
investigating every potential lead.
Gross.
>> Magical nasties in a well. Big mama's
got this. Activate sticky surface and
begins crawling down the well's walls,
looking for anything shiny or
suspicious.
>> Uh, Clucky, you joining?
>> Oh, tight there, amigos. Using the
anti-sickness omatic. Let's check out
this well before we dive in. Good call,
Clucky.
>> To sniff out those hexes and fix this
mess.
>> That's smart. The other two start
running towards the well, ready to dive
on in there, but you caution a little
bit of restraint and you go up and you
hold your uh crazy machine virus thing
and you aim it down into the well and
the device starts going crazy. It starts
rumbling and you can actually see
something moving and slithering down
there with a sort of virus meter that is
off the chart.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you doing
there? What are you doing? Step away
from my will. Clucky, what do you choose
to do?
>> Whoa. Wizard dude, what's brewing down
there? Points anti-sickness omatic at
the wizard with suspicion.
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, no, no
need to get violent. It's just a bit of
a project I've been working on. You see,
I am the famous wizard colon. You might
have heard of me. You know about how my
deeds, surely you've heard of them,
defeating some of the great magical
golems of the age. Enough with the
babbling wizard. Big Mama's tired of
your shiny lies. Activates vomit.
hurling a big ball of slime right at the
wizard to encase him.
>> Sluggma, you open your ball and attempt
to spew goo all over the wizard. If you
roll a 14 or above, it'll connect on
him.
>> Unfortunately, the wizard steps nimly to
the side. Hold it. Step away from my
well right now and you won't get hurt.
Rodri, what would you like to do? Turns
to the camera. Handling a rogue wizard
requires blending confrontation with
cunning survival tactics. I'll use bare
arms to deliver a double swipe.
Incapacitating Colin. Colin. Oh, okay.
You lunge at the wizard attempting to
get a double swipe in. 14 or above and
you'll hit him.
Hot off of a fresh energizing pea drink.
You run up to wizard call him and slash
him twice in the back. He collapses
forward. No. Please don't kill me. This
has been in the works for weeks. I don't
know if I can stop it now, but I can try
if you give me a chance.
>> Hold up, Wizard Colin. You got one
chance to prove you can fix this. I'll
rig off a truth ampomatic with some
sticks and that slime residue to see if
you're lying. Okay,
>> we'll know if you're full of clucking
feathers or saving grace. Get tinkering
quick.
>> Clucky, you attempt to make a
truthtelling device, which is going to
be quite hard. Uh, 15 or above.
Unfortunately, the device doesn't seem
to work together. The wizard seems a bit
more confident. I don't think you're as
powerful as you think you are. And
something very powerful lurks in that
well. Let me go and you won't have to
deal with the consequences of this.
Sluggma, you're up.
>> Powerful, you say? Too bad, cuz Big
Mama's not impressed. Activate sticky
surface and begin slithering up the
wizard's tower wall.
>> What? Why?
>> Investigate from the top down, looking
for any shiny evidence.
>> Okay. Sluggma leaves the group and
begins slithering along the walls of the
tower. You can see inside the wizard's
tower and notice that there are quite a
few shiny objects in there, but you
can't see into the bottom of the well
from here. Rodri, you are standing over
the wizard. What do you choose to do?
Piss on him. Don't pee. Don't pee on
him, Rodri. Come on. Hey. Hey.
>> Turns to the camera. Extreme measures
call for decisive actions. With the
wizard restrained, I lower myself into
the well using the rope facing whatever
lurks down there head on.
>> As you start descending in the well, the
wizard from the ground reaches out at
you and says, "No, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not ready." If you go down there,
the creature will emerge and it will be
angry. Very angry. Look, the reason I'm
known as the Golem Slayer is because I
create golems. I've been working on one
down there, but if you go down now, I
won't have any control over it. Please
turn to the camera when the potential
for greater danger looms. Drastic
measures may be necessary. I'll descend
into the well to confront this golem
head on and prevent it from harm in the
village. Continues descending into the
well while roaring defiantly. Stand
back, wizard, for I shall face your
creation. Rodri, as you climb down, you
eventually feel your feet, your paws
touch something, something squishy. And
then the well erupts. Exploding out of
the well with you in it is a gigantic
poop golem. It emerges, roaring at the
top of its lungs.
It squishes outside of the well and lets
out a massive
Wizard Colon stands up weakly. No, I
told you it's not ready. We have no
control. And the poop golem begins
working its way down the hill towards
the village.
>> Holy cluck, a poop golem. All right,
time to get down and dirty. I'll rig up
a poop evaporator omatic with parts from
my anti-sickness omatic or whatever I
can grab from Slugma's slime.
>> All right, 15 or above and you'll do it.
18. Wow. You have now crafted a very
effective poop evaporator omatic which
you now aim at the golem. 14 or above
will connect.
Unfortunately, the ray misses. Sluggma
climbing a top the wizard's walls. You
have seen the poop golem emerge. What do
you choose to do? A poop golem. This is
beyond Lakers level garbage. Time to
bring it down slugma style. Activate
sticky surface and slithers up onto the
poop golem. Getting ready for a slime
dunk to humiliate.
>> He's going for a slime dunk. Big mama
will turn this mess into a shining
victory. Leaps high. Forms a sick slam
dunk. Shouting down the drain you go.
Poop face. Damn. Brutal.
>> Does it work?
14 or above. And with an 18, you slam
through the mass of the poop golem,
massively cutting down its size from
what it was before. It lets out a
pained.
Meanwhile, Wizard Coen shouts, "I'll go
to the village people. Award them." And
he begins running down the hill towards
the village. Rodri, you are up. Turns to
the camera with the poop golem raging.
It's time for extreme measures. I'll
double swipe with bare arms to break
this monstrosity apart.
>> Okay. Rodri runs forward for an epic
double maul attack. 14 or above hits.
Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like your
claws are very effective against it.
You're also covered in poop, by the way.
>> I'll use the poop evaporator romatic
again, but this time from a higher
vantage point.
>> Okay, we'll say the well. You jump to
the well.
>> Golem and shouting prepare to be
flushed. Golem phase.
>> That's a weaker insult. 14 or above and
it'll hit.
>> You fail.
Unfortunately, Clucky, as you stand up
on the well, you trip and tumble down
into the very bottom of the well.
Sluggma, what do you choose to do?
>> My precious party falling apart. The
sneakers level chaos. I slither away
from the golem.
>> Okay, so a trail of slime to trip and
slow it down. Poop terror. Big mama's
handling this mess.
>> Okay, that was I feel like this is the
most thrown off Slugma's ever been. They
just leave a slime trail instead of
really resolving the situation. Sluggma,
you leave a trail of slime in front of
the poop golem who begins chasing after
you and slows down, looking confused,
but it roars up into the air and flails
its poop arms around, slamming into you,
Rodri, if it can roll a 14 or above
as the golem thrashes in the air and you
feel one of the arms slam into you,
knock backwards, and knock you down to
just two health. It's a good thing you
drank that pee. Rodri, you are up. uh
turns to the camera with intense
urgency. I'll leap onto the poop golem's
head, chug half my pee,
>> and pour the rest onto its core to
destabilize it. Remember viewers, in
survival, never hesitate to use every
resource. Hydration can conquer all.
Roaring leaps onto the poop golem,
drinks his pee, and dows his core. Flush
and purify.
>> Does hydration resolve all? Let us find
out. 14 or above and it will in fact
douse this golem. 14. Frederick, you
leap up onto the head of the poop golem,
chugging half your pee and then dumping
it onto the poop golem's head. It roars
in terror and anger as you see more of
its body mass slinking away onto the
ground. Cluckucky, you are down in the
well. What do you choose to do?
>> Ain't no well going to keep me down.
Cluckers.
>> All right.
>> Grabs the rope and rigs it into a quick
up elevator of massive using leftover
anti-sickness parts.
>> Okay. corner of the screen shakes
quickly scrambling up to join the fight.
>> What? This shakes? No, the screen
doesn't shake. Because there's a rope
there. I'll say 13 or above and you make
it.
>> Unfortunately, you're not able to make
an elevator in the well, so you are
still stuck at the bottom. Sluggma, what
do you choose to do? Don't poop.
>> Big mama's taking charge. Slithers back
towards the poop golem, activating the
trail of slime to ensnare its feet.
>> Monster stands against Big Papa's
precious ooze. Okay. And now on its
turn, you see it writhing and attempting
to move forward, but simply cannot. But
it does thrash outwards at the two of
you, hoping to get an attack in. First,
it attacks you with a flailing arm.
Sluggma 16 or above will hit.
It rolls a 17 and smacks you across the
face. Sluggma, you take a damage and are
down to just one health. The golem
attempts to hit you, Rodri,
but you manage to dodge it at the last
minute.
>> Turns to the camera. Of course,
>> when facing an insurmountable enemy,
creativity and extreme measures are key.
I'll rip open the golem's head and
attempt to use hibernation right inside
its core, becoming an immovable barrier
within Bear Code's ultimate tactic,
turning yourself into the fortress.
Okay. roars and starts tearing at the
golem's head to embed himself inside
time to bunk down and clog this beast.
Okay, Rodri, you attempt to claw your
way into the center of the poop golem
and then begin hibernating. With a 12 or
above, you will connect.
And with a 15, you feel your claws
burrow into the poop golem's flesh. It's
more of a solid than a liquid, we'll
say. You cleave into the solid deep
within the center of the poop golem and
suddenly take a nap. The poop golem
roars, feeling its inside displaced, and
you can see its mass shrinking even more
as you nestle inside of it. Sweet
dreams. Uh, Clucky, what do you do?
You're still stuck at the bottom of the
well. There's a rope.
>> Instead of the elevator, I'll use weak
flight to shoot up from the well like a
feathery rocket.
>> Good. Jumps out using her weak flight
power.
>> Flap swings furiously, screaming. She
jumps.
She
>> she she
jumped
>> while trying to launch out of the well
like a crazed chicken.
>> She jumps out of the well.
>> Turn the tide of this stinking battle.
>> Right. Right. Okay. Clucky, you
successfully leap out of the well using
flight. And now you find yourself
standing next to the battle where
everybody's doing stuff to each other.
It's It's a little weird. Sluggma, what
do you choose to do?
>> This poop golem needs a final touch of
slime.
>> We've already covered it with slime.
>> Vomit aiming right at the golem. Oh,
okay. That's actually a good idea.
>> Movements. Feel the wrath of Big Mama's
goo.
>> I don't want to feel big Mama's goo. A
12 or above will connect.
>> You failed.
>> Unfortunately, Sluggma, the vomit slides
off of the Golem and in fact lands back
on you, encasing yourself in gooey slime
and locking yourself immobily. The
Golem. This is some weird [__] it's
dealing with. It uses one arm to attempt
to flail at you, Sluggma. But both with
the smaller, weaker mass and the fact
that you now have slime covering you,
which almost serves as protection, it
needs a 19 or above.
And it rolls a 16. It then uses its
other arm. It doesn't realize the damage
this might cause as it reaches its arm
out and attempts to punch into its own
stomach. With a 14 or above, it will
successfully connect into itself.
It misses, sliding its own hand off of
its viscous surface. Rodri, you are
sleeping peacefully inside of the poop
golem. What do you do? Snorting
slightly, nestled in the viscous goo.
Hold fast. The bear code's wisdom.
Unintelligible bear sleep talk. Thank
you, Rodri. Clucky, you are up.
>> Time to end this clucking mess. All
right, end it.
>> I'll detonate inventions.
>> Oh god.
>> Throw up all my failed gadget attempts
and poop evaporatoric to finish the job.
Wait a minute. Poop Golem, you're going
down. That's actually smart. Clucky
tosses her several inventions at the
poop golem and then hits the button.
Boom. The fire erupts over the poop
golem as the devices explode. Sluggma,
you are encased in viscous slime which
does protect from the fire. Only a 19 or
above will hurt you.
You see the flames pass harmlessly over
you. Rodri sleeping inside of the poop
golem. are protected with your
hibernation invincibility. But the poop
golem itself is stuck in a vast array of
slime, confused by the bear inside of
it. And as long as this roll is a nine
or above, the fire will connect with the
golem.
God damn. Okay, that would have killed
it. Instead, the poop golem elites and
roars out in pain. Sluggma, you are
encased in slime. You must work your way
out of it if you want to have a move.
This slime prison can't hold big mama.
Struggling fiercely. My precious mucus
won't betray me. Mothers about the
Lakers while fiercely trying to free
myself. No one stops. Papa, let's smash
this poop golem for good.
>> 12 or above and he escapes.
>> An eight. The poop golem is horrified by
the flames around him and attempts to
punch and reach and rip out the object
inside of it. With a 13 or above, it
will succeed.
Nine. Meanwhile, the fire begins to fade
away. Rodri, you are inside of Sluggma.
I mean, excuse me, inside of the poop
golem. You are not inside Sluggma. What
do you do?
>> Suddenly wakes up inside the Golem. All
right, viewers. Time for the final
extreme move. I'll burst out from the
inside with my bare arms. Swipe tearing
through this poop monstrosity.
>> Okay,
>> Rodri, the golem is weak. It's
immobilized. It's set on fire. I don't
even know how you can miss this. Unless
you roll a one, you successfully emerge
from the golem.
And you succeed. You swipe your arms
outward and the poop golem explodes in a
burst of fiery poop. You burst out from
the side, emerging from the wreckage,
looking as the poop golem crumbles. I
don't have a graphic for I don't know
how to animate this. Um,
into a harmless pile of feces. The
town's people are now running up and
catching up to you. The column, it's
gone, they shout. The mayor says, Wizard
Colon, you created that thing. And he
says, well, yes, but he was meant to be
under my control. Well, it's it's not
really my fault. Surely, we can we can
forgive this, right?
>> Big Mama's ghoul wins again. Quickly
uses the swap necklace to exchange the
wizard Colin with a harmless object far
away like a rock, effectively
teleporting him out of town. No more
wizard tricks in Big Papa's territory.
>> Sluggma, you activate your necklace. And
the wizard, hopeful, suddenly pops out
of existence and at its place appears a
single rock. And thus the wizard never
bothered Bedet Town ever again. The town
mayor holds your hand, Sluggma. Thank
you. Thank you, giant mucus creature,
for helping us with this. And you too,
Bear. I saw what you did. I don't know
why you were in the poop, by the way.
I'm not sure what was going on there.
And the other town's people are happy
and cheering you on. Did they get a
reward? If they ask, they get a reward
if they ask. But it will depend on
rolling.
>> Turns to the camera.
>> Oh my god.
>> After a successful mission, it's crucial
to fortify yourself.
demonstrate a celebratory hydration
after emerging from a giant poop golem
to inspire them covered in feces
stands in front of them. Sometimes the
best way to drink his own pee in front
of the group.
>> It's just pee. You just drink pee. The
the mayor looks at the three of you and
says, "Please stay the rest of the night
in our lovely little town. Let us know
if you need anything and otherwise we'll
see you off in the morning." Sluggma, is
there anything else you'd like to do
before your party turns in for the
night? Sluggma, your kleptomaniac
insanity has gotten us this far. You got
to look for stuff. If you don't look, I
can't give you any items.
>> Rest of the night, huh? Fine,
>> please.
>> But Big Mama's got to make sure no more
shiny thieves lurking around.
>> Start slithering through the town with
walls and objects.
Checking for anything shiny. Big Papa
will protect this
only because shinies need protection. As
you begin slithering through town, some
of the town's people run over. Wait,
please. That that's my that's the
chapel. Don't go in there and spread
slime everywhere. But behind them, the
mayor rushes up and says, "You you saw
what they did to the golem. Just let him
explore and then we'll let them leave in
the morning." Sluggma, you were able to
explore undeterred. You find nothing in
the chapel, but as you slither around
through the blacksmith, you find
one healing potion. You move into the
baker, dragging a trail of inedible
slime behind you. And as you slither
around on the walls, you find
nothing. You then move north into uh an
artificer workshop and you find an
interesting artifact. And upon asking
the shopkeeper what it is, who looks
terrified at you, he explains that this
is a whirlwind of fan. It creates an
incredibly powerful gust of wind that
pushes back all objects and creatures
about 10 ft behind it. After finding the
shiny, you check out the remaining
buildings and you find Another
healing potion. That roll was 19 or
above, by the way. Back with the group.
Do you choose to do anything with your
items or do you all tuck in for the
night?
>> Big Mama found precious shinies, but Big
Papa needs strength to protect them.
>> True.
>> Takes one of the healing potions and
drinks it down.
>> Okay, Slma goes up to ensure no one
tries to steal anything. Feeling better
already. And now my precious fan will
keep all Lakers away. Bring up the
Lakers and happiness while clutching my
treasures. Big mama needs no help, but
Big Papa will give this to Roderric.
>> Okay, drink this bear and be ready for
more shiny quests. Slug my axe tough.
He's a softy on the inside. Probably
literally, too.
>> Turns to the camera. After an eventful
night, it's important to restore
yourself completely.
>> Okay, he's going to drink it.
>> I'll drink the healing potion Slugma
gave me to reach full strength and
ritual.
>> Rodri, Plucky, and Sluggma. The three of
you have traversed many trials and
tribulations over the past few weeks.
But now, the road on the map leads to
one place. It leads to Obsidian Peak,
where the three shadow creatures you
originally heard about reside. You know
that if you can travel there and defeat
them, the time loop of this world will
end, and you will return to your
glorious lives. As the three of you
embark from Bedettown, do you choose to
discuss or do anything on the road as
you travel towards Obsidian Peak?
Obsidian peak full of shinies and
enemies. Big mama's ready to claim it
all. Will Slime dunk those shadow
creatures into oblivion and take all the
precious. Clutching my treasures. Always
on the lookout for more. Hurry. Big
Papa's got shinies to protect and claim.
>> Sluggma is [__] ready for this.
>> Shadow creatures, here we come. But
first, I'll make a pre- battle gadget
omatic to prepare us for the showdown
using parts from our journey.
>> Okay. Well, that doesn't
>> gear up with some unpredictably awesome
inventions. Turns to the camera. As we
approach the final showdown, it's
crucial to maintain peak preparedness.
>> Let's pull the viewers for advice on how
to handle Obsidian Peak. Democracy in
action. Bear Codes New Age decree wars
to the sky. Viewers, tell us what should
we do at Obsidian Peak.
>> We're going to pull the live TV audience
who you've been talking to.
>> All right, Rodri. You get a call from
your TV producer who says, "Rodrick,
you've been doing great out there, but
if I could recommend anything, what I
would say, according to the TV viewers,
is to use your items effectively.
There's lava in this final encounter.
It'll kill the enemies instantly if you
can push them in there. You should know
that Fernando the Flamingo is a real
daredevil, and maybe you could convince
him or dare him to jump into the lava
himself. And lastly, you could call
Vinnie, who's their cousin and
boyfriend, I think.
And with that, you find yourselves at
the foot of Obsidian Peak.
As you climbed higher and higher towards
the peak, the mountain became colder
with rivers of lava flowing between rock
and ice. Eventually, you've reached the
summit. And as you climb it, you find
yourself at the base of a gigantic
marble throne room. As you approach the
doors, you burst into the throne room
and find yourself in an elaborate marble
hall. The walls are adorned with a
variety of weapons and shields with
torches hung up to light the room.
There's a massive anvil in one corner of
the room and a box of explosive dynamite
in the other. In the center of the room
lies two gigantic pools of lava. And on
the opposite side of the room on three
ornate thrones is a shadowy pyromaniac
snowman, a shadowy new stork city
flamingo, and a shadowy stupid otter.
like she's just not very intelligent.
And as you look at them, you're reminded
of what Doug Doug the Wizard said. By
the end of this month, only one of these
two parties may survive, or else you
will both perish. Now, in this throne
room, a great showdown begins to
determine the future. Boy, girl, and
they, let's [__] nail this. Come on.
I want you to win. Rodri, you are the
first to enter through the doors. What
do you do? Turns to the camera. This is
the ultimate showdown. Extreme measures
for extreme times. I will use speak to
animals to growl at Fernando the
flamingo, daring to jump into the lava
himself, using his daredevil nature
against him.
>> There's no way he goes for it, right?
>> Hey, I bet you can't dive into that lava
and survive. Prove me wrong, Flamingo.
>> Fernando, Rodri the Bear approaches you,
points at you, and dares you to dive
into that lava and survive and prove him
wrong. Fernando, what do you do, dude?
There's no way, right? Fernando is the
like the final boss. Fernando burned
down a whole village for no reason. He
burned down a tavern for no reason. But
that also means he might just go for it.
What do you say, Bear Boy? You think you
can mess with the likes of Fernando from
New Stalk City?
>> I don't think he's taking it.
>> You ain't got the guts to do what I've
done. Let me tell you something about
me. Okay.
>> I ain't afraid of no lava. I strut,
flexing my wings flamboyantly, my
feathers shining with his inky black
hue. I stop just short of the lava pool,
make a grandiose gesture of looking
back, and then turn back to Rodrik with
a smirk. You know why you're standing
over there, huh? Cuz you're chicken.
Hey, boy. You want to see some action?
Watch this. I use my stealth ability to
low and slinky, making it appear as if
I've vanished. Okay, that's kind of
>> cousin Vinnie, you watching? This is for
you. I whisper smuggly to myself. I
begin around the pillars, aiming to get
behind the adventuring party for a
surprise attack. Okay, Rodri, you don't
know what happened to him. Clucky, you
are now up. This is the thing for people
who weren't in the first campaign.
Fernando's a lunatic, right? He's going
to make you think he's going to jump on
the lava and then he's just going to
sneak around and try to kill everybody.
I think
>> shadowy fiends, time to get inventive.
>> We need something big up a lava pusher
romatic using that box of dynamite and
some feathers from my tool kit. Let's
blow those shadow creatures straight
into the lava.
>> Okay, a 14 or above will work, but
unfortunately, the invention doesn't
come together. Sluggma, you are up.
>> Fernando thinks he can play shadow games
with Big Mama.
>> Grabs the precious whirlwind fan time to
blow these shadows away.
>> Okay.
>> Activates the fan, aiming a powerful
gust of wind towards the shadowy
figures.
>> Now, they aren't in front of the lava
pool, but they are against the wall, and
you might push them against the wall and
stun them. A 13 will hit on Creamy.
Unfortunately, the gust does not
connect. It also misses the otter.
Sluggma, your fan is not able to be used
for the rest of the fight. Creamy, the
pyromaniac snowman, you are up. What
would you like to do?
>> The warmth. It burns. Screams and
frantically tries to gather some icy
debris off the ground.
>> Okay, there's no way with fire. I'll
give you fire.
>> Uh-oh, he's going to panic escalating. I
cast fireball directly at the
adventuring party, able to set as many
things on fire as possible. Burn, baby,
burn.
>> That was his one of his final cries
before he like burnt a tavern to the
ground. Creamy, your fireball is only
able to hit one of the three adventurers
because they are spread out. Who do you
choose to cast it on?
>> Rody the Bear, you're about to ride the
fire roller coaster.
>> Okay, if you roll a 13 or above, it will
connect,
but it's a nine. And Rodri manages to
dash out of the way unscathed. Fernando,
you spent your turn sleuththing around
in the shadows, trying to get behind the
adventuring party, which means Noodle,
you are up.
>> Prepare your fragile psyches for my
vicious mockery. Oh, she's ready to mark
>> using my spell. Addressing Rodri.
>> Okay, she's going for Rodri.
>> You know, Rodri, life is like a
labyrinth of despair, and you've just
found the room with no cheese. Enjoy
your journey through the void.
>> Okay.
>> Glides dramatically, convinced I'm
flying away from the horrible fires.
>> Okay. She tries to jump away after
casting the spell. All right, Noodle. If
you roll a 13 or above, it will
psychically damage him.
>> Rodri doesn't give a [__] Rodri, it is
back to you. It is your turn. All right,
time for improvisation. I'll use bare
arms to double swipe Noodle and Creamy,
creating enough chaos to potentially
drive them toward the lava pool.
>> Here's what I'm going to do. I'll give
him two attacks. One on Noodle and then
he lunges over at Creamy and gets an
attack on that. But each one is harder
to hit. All right, Rodri, you lunge
forward at Noodle. A 16 or above will
connect and unfortunately it misses. But
you turn and now lunge towards the
snowman.
And unfortunately, you miss yet again.
Clucky, you are down near a box of
dynamite in the corner of the room. What
do you choose to do?
>> Time to make things go boom.
>> I'll use egg bomb and roll it towards
the lava, aiming to create an explosive
chain reaction with the dynamite.
>> Okay, clock. You throw an egg bomb into
the lava pool that you know will create
an explosive pool of salmonella gas
which spreads over to Snowman Creamy. If
you roll a 13 or above, you will infect
him with Salmonella.
But unfortunately, Snowman Creamy is
able to resist. Probably because he
doesn't have a nose. Sluggma, what do
you do?
>> Enough playing. Time for Big Mama to
shine.
>> Okay.
>> Activate sticky surface to slither away
and get a better angle on the
battlefield. No one messes with Big Papa
from above.
>> Looks for an object to swap with
something near the lava pools.
>> Let's see. eyes land on a large heavy
statue and decides to swap it with a
smaller rock near the lava pool.
>> Why?
>> This should shake things up. Time to
rock and roll.
>> What does that do, Slogma? Okay, so now
there's a statue here. Shadow Creamy,
you are up.
>> The heat, it's unbearable. I must find
cold or or fire.
>> Oh god, no. He's too box of dynamite in
Clucky's corner.
>> Okay, Clucky did move away from the
dynamite. races toward the dynamite. Gun
in hand and shoots and cause an
explosive chain reaction and cool all at
once. Who's laughing now? All right,
Creamy, as you shoot your gun at the
dynamite, it is stationary, so it's not
that hard, but you do need to roll a
seven or above to hit it.
And and you don't get it. So, you fire
your gun in the general vicinity of the
dynamite and miss. Nothing has happened.
Fernando, you are up. Will he do an
attack?
>> It's time that actually does something.
>> You've seen aggressive. You ain't seen
nothing yet.
>> God, he's a lunatic. reemerge from the
shadows with a flourish, my feathers
gleaming ominously, and I cackle as I
strut back into the room. Yo, Creamy,
keep them busy. I've got a plan. Vinnie,
if you're watching, this one's for you,
baby. Vinnie spotting the dynamite box
next to Clucky, I swiftly snatch a few
sticks of dynamite and use to create
makeshift explosive darts.
>> Okay, that's a lot.
>> Then, making sure everyone sees my
spectacular criminal skills, I hurl one
directly at Roderick's position.
>> He's a lunatic.
>> Hey, Bear Boy, catch this. Let's see if
you can outrun a real explosive, huh?
>> Okay, Fernando runs over to the room
where he's been sneaking around, grabs a
stick of dynamite, likes it, and hurls
it. However, he had to be sprinting full
speed to pull that off, and he's also
throwing across the entire room. So, you
will need a 16 or above to make this
work, Fernando.
Unfortunately, the dynamite misses and
explodes, chipping part of the marble.
Noodle, you are up. Will anybody get an
attack? Alas, the cacophony of
inevitable demise surrounds us. Fire.
It's everywhere.
>> She's freaking out about the fire and
the dynamite.
>> Runs in circles, frantically,
attempting to fly higher and higher.
>> Okay.
>> In a nonsensical panic, I use hold hands
on Fernando, hoping to channel the
potency of our fatalism, but truly just
wanting to escape.
>> It's a long distance, but I'll allow it.
>> Fernando, hold on. Together, we shall
soar above this inferno.
>> Fle queen. You run across the whole room
yelling and screaming and attempting to
fly until you find Fernando and grab
onto his hand. And that means Rodrik,
after six turns of nothing happening,
you are up. He's going to turn to the
camera though for sure. Turns to the
camera time to shake things up with an
unpredictable move. I'll use speak to
animals to command any nearby rodents to
gnaw at Fernando's feet and make him
lose balance before shoving him into the
lava pool.
>> Okay, that's pretty badass.
>> And growls, communicating with the
imaginary rodents.
friends. Trip Fernando and send him into
the lava.
>> I'm going to say that they are not
imaginary. Rodri, you notice some mice
scurrying along the floor near the
entrance. They seem to have been let in
after you guys opened the front door
looking for respit from the cold. And
you shout out to them in your bare
voice.
You need a 13 or above to convince them.
And with a 19, they salute at you with
their little paws and run towards
Fernando, nipping at his heels. He
starts yelling and falls to the floor
from the rats. They will attempt to drag
him to the lava pool next turn. Clucky,
do something badass.
>> Caught by the critters, Fernando. Let's
make it easier for them. I'll use weak
flight to leap over and give the rats an
extra push.
>> Fernando into the lava.
>> Got to add some clucking style to this
battle.
>> Damn right.
>> Stopping furiously, screaming.
>> Okay. All right. Now, it's a bit hard
because Noodle is still holding hands
with him. But if you roll a 14, you and
the rats manage to overpower Noodles's
grasp and throw Fernando into the lava.
A 14 or above, Clucky, and you take out
the most notorious villain this side of
New York City. And the role is
three. Sluggma, you are watching this
from the ceiling in the corner. What do
you choose to do?
>> Enough of this nambi pammy nonsense.
>> True. It's time for Big Mama to show you
how it's done.
>> Activates Slime Dunk and prepares to
leap off the ceiling. A glorious
high-flying Slime Dunk coming up.
Launches into the air with an acrobatic
twist, screaming, "Get slimed, flamingo,
loser."
>> Oh [__]
13 or above will connect.
[Applause]
And it's a seven.
You drop down to the floor next to
Fernando. It is now Sluggma, Clucky,
Fernando, and Noodle all sitting in the
corner next to the dynamite and a lava
pool. Creamy, you are up. This heat is
giving me Frostbite of the brain. More
fire.
>> Spots a mass of enemies near the lava
pool and the box. Now he's dynamite.
Time to really heat things up.
>> Runs towards the group, frantically
digging inside my own body to pull out a
snow.
>> Okay, he rips part of his own body out
>> into the lava to start boiling, hoping
to create a minor explosion.
>> What? No, that doesn't do anything.
Sacrifice snow cone for Santa and the
Snorens. What?
>> Utterly losing myself in the chaos, I
grab the remaining sticks of dynamite
and begin lighting them.
>> What? Okay, he runs over everything.
What? Okay,
okay, creamy. He rips out part of his
own body to make a healing snow clone
and instead of giving it to an ally,
throws it into the lava, knocking him
down to one health. Finally, some
action. He then grabs a stick of
dynamite, lights it from the end, and
holds it off. And after a quick second,
boom, it explodes over the group of
five, including Creamy himself.
Everybody has to roll. Given the
proximity to the dynamite, you must roll
a 14 or above to get away unscathed. To
start Sluggma,
Sluggma is burned by the dynamite stick
and goes down to one health. Cluckucky
14 or above.
Clucky rolls an 18 and manages to escape
unscathed. Shadow Fernando lying down is
in even worse shape and ability to dodge
this. You need a 17 or above and rolls a
19 on the floor. Fernando manages to
dodge it. Noodle though
is caught in the explosion and takes a
damage going down to just one health.
And finally, Creamy himself, standing
there with a stick of dynamite over his
own barely standing body, must roll a 17
or above to survive this. Does he pull
it off?
And he rolls a 16. And as the flames
fade away, so does Creamy's body as the
dynamite takes the last of his elf.
There are now only two shadow creatures
remaining. Fernando, you are stuck on
the floor, but you can try to get
yourself back up if you would like. You
currently have rats attempting to pull
you down. What would you like to do? You
think you can trip me up and toss me
into a lava pool?
>> Not about it. With all my strength, I
kick off the rats, gnawing at my
feathers with a loud squawk and roll
towards the dynamite box. I grab a
handful of the remaining sticks and
light them with a wild grin. You want to
see chaos? I'll show you chaos, Vinnie,
this one's for you. And
>> I throw the dynamite sticks not only at
Rodri, but also scatter a few around
Clucky and Slugma. Boom, baby. Boom. Bet
you didn't see this one coming.
>> No, I didn't. I didn't, Fernando. He
picks himself up, grabs several of the
sticks. You hurl a dynamite stick over
at Rodri. It's very unlikely to hit him.
An 18 or above. And you do. The dynamite
at Rodri misses, but you toss a few
sticks of dynamite towards Sluggma and
Clucky. Boom. Explosion of the group.
Sluggma, you have only one health left.
So, we'll begin with Clucky. Clucky,
amidst the explosion, you must roll a 14
or above to dodge it.
Clucky, the dynamite singes your
feathers, and you go down to just one
health. Shadow Noodle, you are on your
final health. You must roll a 14 or
above to survive this dynamite attack.
[Music]
The flames engulf Shadow Noodle. And
just like we always thought it would be,
it comes down to Fernando. Fernando, you
have two hearts. You must roll a 14 or
above to escape this dynamite explosion
that you've tossed on the floor.
>> You failed.
[Music]
>> Fernando, bad news. You see, as you
throw the dynamite out, looking both at
Rodri and your enemies, you forgot to
avert your own gaze. The dynamite
explodes around you, pound, slamming
into your feathers, hurting your vital
organs and knocking you down to just one
health. But not only that, Fernando,
your eyes are briefly singed from the
explosion. You fall to your knees. You
can barely see. You are blind for one
turn, helpless against what the others
around you do. Sluggma, you must roll to
survive. a 14 or above and you escape
the dynamite.
Come on. Yes. And Sluggma, you managed
to move out of the way just in time,
watching as Fernando singes himself and
takes down his ally in the process. The
rats have run away at this point, scared
from the explosions. Rodri, you are up.
You know what scares me though? The lava
is one hit kill. If all of them fall in
the lava, somehow Fernando does some
crazy [__] I don't know. They don't
automatically guarantee you get to throw
them in the lava, but it'll be very easy
to do.
>> Te to the camera, eyes wild. It's time
for the most extreme unpredictable move
the remaining contents of my canteens
across the room using bare arms to
propel me towards Fernando. Midair, I'll
hurl the empty canteen at his head to
knock him into the lava. The peanut
tactic peef fueled flight and precision.
Rodri, I am going to say you have to
jump over the lava pool because you
explicitly said you wanted to do that.
I'm going to make this pretty simple.
You have to roll a seven or above
because otherwise you will land into the
pool of lava. Seven or above, Rodri.
[Applause]
Oh my god. You leap over the pool and
with one arm hurl the jar of empty pee
directly at Fernando. smacks him in the
face, even more confused and dazed, but
still stands with a bit of life in him.
Cluckucky, you are up.
>> All right, Fernando. Time to end this
clucking madness. I'll detonate
inventions to create an explosive finale
with all my failed gadgets and random
debris around
you down in a blaze of chaos. You're
going to blow up everybody,
>> stepping back and preparing to hit the
detonator.
>> Do that.
>> Chuck this. Let's finish it. Uh, Clucky
steps forward, holding her inventions,
and she wildly presses the detonate
button on them, which might have only
hurt herself. But with the dynamite
sticks still nearby, causes yet another
whoosh of fire. Dynamites and inventions
explode all around. The fire spreads and
now everyone must roll to survive. First
up, Rodri, you must roll a 14 or above.
You roll a 12. You go down to just two
health. Next up is you, Clucky. You
stepped away from the explosion, but the
dynamite made it even bigger than you
anticipated.
13 or above. It's got to be 13 or above.
17. Plucky manages to step out of the
way and dodge the explosive fireworks.
Sluggma though, you must roll a 14 or
above to make it through this.
[Applause]
17. Yes, Sluggma, you survive and you
get out of there unscathed. Which means
the only one left to roll is Fernando.
Dazed, hit with a jar of P. You must
roll a 17 or above to escape the
explosive fire around you. This is your
last chance, Fernando. The roll is
five. And that is how in a burst of
flames, Shadow Fernando is burnt to a
crisp. And as the explosion subsides,
all three party members stand there
victorious.
Oh, I don't think anybody landed any
real attacks. They all just went to the
dynamite and blew everybody up until
someone won.
>> We did it. The shinies are ours.
slithers around in circles, leaving
trails of slime, shouting. Big mama's
victorious. And Big Papa claims all the
precious now, muttering about Lakers and
how they'd never manage such a victory.
Let's take our treasures and slime dunk
out of here. This shiny filled moment
belongs to us.
>> Oh, so so so true. And as Sluggma
spreads their slime around, we hear from
Clucky.
>> All right, shine is secured. Victory is
sweet. Time to invent a victory escape
omatic for our grand exit. Going to make
up a super leftover debris and feathers
for a stylish ride out. Let's roll out
with clucking flare.
>> And what of you, Sir Rodrik Fishbottom?
He, you know, he's going to he's going
to look at the camera and he's going to
drink victory pee, right?
>> Turns to the camera triumphantly. Of
course, victory at last achieved through
the most extreme measures.
>> It was very unnecessary.
>> A final hydration celebration is in
order. This one's for the bare code.
Everybody kind of ended filled with
peach. How to completely stay hydrated,
stay brave, and always take the craziest
routes to victory.
>> Everybody ended the los.
Let's slack back the lo piss drinker.
Rodri goes out drinking pee. Clucky
inventing unnecessary [__] And
Sluggma just kind of running around
spreading slime. And as you three are
celebrating, suddenly you hear a worring
sound. It grows a bit louder and a bit
louder and a bit louder. And then
suddenly, pop, a massive golden orb
appears in the center of the room. You
never seen such a gigantic magical item
before. But as you look at it, you get
the sense that it influences time and
space, that it is powerful beyond
measure, that it just maybe could lock
an entire kingdom in a time loop.
Infinite power at your fingertips, but
freedom if it were to go away. What do
you choose to do?
>> My precious infinite power must have.
Eyes gleaming with an obsessive desire,
I slither towards the golden orb,
leaving a trail of slime. Big mama will
claim this shiny for herself. No one
else deserves it. Muttering about the
Lakers while reaching out to touch the
orb. Big Papa shall control time and all
shinies forever. This is my ultimate
treasure. Sluggma moves forward and
begins slimeing on the orb, seemingly
keen on keeping it. You get the sense
that your freedom might be tied to this
orb. You could stay here in this kingdom
if you leave it alone. Cluckucky. What
do you choose to do?
>> Wo there, Slugma. Don't hog all the
power, but maybe just one crazy
invention before we go.
>> Okay,
>> I'll rig up a time loop breaker romatic
using parts from our victories. Uh, and
this golden orb to free us all. Prepares
the contraption and connects it to the
orb. Time to break the boss.
>> Clucky. Instead of simply embracing or
destroying the orb, you choose to make
an invention to twist its powerful
magics for yourself. 12 or above. And
the invention works.
[Applause]
The orb's powers seem too strong for you
to handle. Rodri, what do you choose to
do? Is he going to pee on the orb? A lot
of people want him to pee on the orb.
He's going to look into the camera.
>> Turns to the camera with a look of sheer
determination.
>> This is the moment of ultimate survival.
Rather than claiming the orb or breaking
it directly, I'll drink my pee and
attempt to merge with its power.
Combining human resilience and cosmic
magic, the bear code's wildest decree.
Become one with the ultimate force chugs
his canteen, roars loudly, and jumps
into the golden orb with arms
outstretched.
>> Okay.
>> For survival, chaos and the bear code
fusion initiate. Rodri, seeing the
teeming magical powers of the orb,
attempts to fuse his own body with it.
No one else had tried this. Sluggma had
simply slithered on the outside. Klucky
had attempted to influence it. But as
Rodri hurls his body into the orb as
long as he rolls a sixer above
[Applause]
his bare claws carve a path into the
center, he feels the powers merging. And
suddenly, Rodrik emerges from the ore,
more powerful than ever before, with the
ability to control the time loop itself.
And now, Rodri, as you step out, teeming
with power, do you choose to break the
time loop, allowing this world to go
back into a normal time flow, or do you
keep the kingdom locked in this loop
with you, Plucky, and Sluggma ruling it
a top Obsidian Peak? Good or evil, are
at your fingertips. Rodri turns to the
camera with ultimate determination. The
energy of the orb coursing through his
bare veins. This is the final
unpredictable resolution. I'll combine
chaos with ultimate compassion. Breaking
the time loop to break them but leaving
behind a piece of our survivalist spirit
and leaves behind.
>> Bear codes to final decree. Freedom with
a legacy roars intensely taps into the
orb's powers break. Suddenly the time
loop kingdom from its temporal prison on
kingdom and let the bear old guide Joe
>> and thus the time loop was ended. The
adventurers returned home and Sir Rodri
left part of their spirits behind for
some reason who will now rule over
Obsidian Peak in theirstead, I think.
But is this time loop truly broken?
Could a new group of AI adventurers
still travel the lands and fight their
way to Obsidian Peak? Does any of this
even make sense anymore? Find out if AI
Shrek and Barack Obama can defeat the
slug man in a game of basketball next
time on Dungeons and Dragons artificial
intelligence rogue like Space Jam to the
future. Yeah.
[Music]